[music]
Jump Fu Rang
Ch Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected
Aaaard Health Insurance
[music]
Jump Food B
Choice Energy
La in the game of life stay protected with
AAAAA Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto son, you are packing but visa
Will Papa come? Oh, what if he doesn't come?
I have a travel partner, right Papa, and what is this?
Car safety on this Italian road trip
The travel partner will take care of it
Paragliding is also a risky travel.
Your partner will handle it and you should also try.
Is
No no, my blood pressure has increased so chill
Papa, I know my travel partner will take care of everything.
But who is this AI of ICICI Lord?
Powered by Trip Secure PS Travel
Insurance Our Travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lombard Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected with Aaaaa
Lumbard Health Insurance in the Game of Life
Stay Protected with ICICI Bank
Health Insurance
Jump Fu
Rais Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
AAA Lombard Health Insurance Power Resto
[music]
Junk Food Color
Ch Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
AAA Lord Health Insurance Power Ltd
Son, you are packing but your visa has come.
Will Papa come? Oh, if he doesn't come, then travel.
I have a partner, right Papa? And what is this? This is Italy.
For car safety on a road trip
Travel partner will see paragliding
It is also risky, take care of your travel partner
I will take it and you also have to try it, no no
My blood pressure has increased so chill papa you know
The travel partner will take care of everything but this is
Who is ICICI Lord's AI Power Trip?
Secure Pass Travel Insurance Our
travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with AAAAA Lord Health
Insurance in the game of life stay
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Protected with III Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with AAAAA Lord Health
Insurance
Junk Fu
Color Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
Aard Health Insurance Pao
[music]
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy
La in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto son, you are packing but visa
Will Papa come? Oh, what if he doesn't come?
I have a travel partner, right Papa, and what is this?
Car safety on this Italian road trip
The travel partner will take care of it
Paragliding is also a risky travel.
Your partner will handle it and you will also have to try.
No no, my blood pressure has increased so chill
Papa, I know my travel partner will take care of everything.
But who is this, the AI ​​power of ICICI Lord
Trip Secure Plus Travel Insurance
our travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lombard Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Protected with III blood health
Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
Aaaaa Lord Health Insurance in the Game of
Life Stay Protected with AAA Lumbard
Health Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance
Jump Food
Raising
Come in the game of life stay protected
CIC Lombard Health Insurance Power
Risto
[music]
Jump Fu Rang
Ch Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
AAAAA Lord Health Insurance Power Resto
Son, you are packing but your visa has come.
Will Papa come? Oh, if he doesn't come then what will I do?
I have a partner, right Papa? And what is this? This is Italy.
For car safety on a road trip
Travel partner will see paragliding
It is also risky, take care of your travel partner
I will take it and you also have to try it, no no
My blood pressure has increased so chill papa you know
The travel partner will take care of everything but this is
Who is ICICI Layard's AI Power Trip?
Secure Pass Travel Insurance Our
travel partner
In the game of life, stay protected with
IIIrd Health Insurance in the game of
Life Stay Protected with III Lord
Health Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with III Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with AAAAA Lord Health
Insurance
Junk food colors
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Bank Limited Health Insurance Power
[music]
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
AAAAA Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto son, you are packing but visa
Will Papa come? Oh, what if he doesn't come?
I have a travel partner, right Papa, and what is this?
Car safety on this Italian road trip
The travel partner will take care of it
Paragliding is also a risky travel.
Your partner will handle it and you will also have to try it.
I have to do it, no, no, what if my blood pressure increases?
Chill dad, I know the travel partner will take care of everything.
Who will take it, but who is this, ICICI Lord's AI?
Powered by Trip Secure Plus Travel
Insurance Our Travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lombard Health
Protected with III blood health
Insurance
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
Jump Food
Raising
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICC World Health Insurance Power Resto
Jump Food
Rais Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
AAA Lumbard Health Insurance Power Resto
Son, you are packing but your visa has come.
Will Papa come? Oh, if he doesn't come then troll
I have a partner, right Papa? And what is this? This is Italy.
For car safety on a road trip
Travel partner will see paragliding
It is also risky, take care of your travel partner
I will take it and you also have to try it, no no
My blood pressure has increased so chill papa you know
The travel partner will take care of everything but this is
Who is ICICI Lara's AI Power Trip?
Secure Pass Travel Insurance Our
travel partner
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
Game of Life Stay Protected with III
Lumbard Health Insurance in the Game of Life
Stay protected with AAA Lumbard Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with AAAAA World Health E
Ren's Junk Food
Rais Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
[music]
Jump Fu
Colour
Choice Energy
In the game of life, stay protected with
AAA Lumbard Health Insurance Power
Risto son, you are packing but visa
Will Papa come? Oh, what if he doesn't come?
I have a travel partner, right Papa, and what is this?
Car safety on this Italian road trip
The travel partner will take care of it
Paragliding is also a risky travel.
Your partner will handle it and you should also try.
No no, my blood pressure has increased so chill
Papa, I know my travel partner will take care of everything.
But who is this AI of ICICI Lord?
Powered by Trip Secure Plus Travel
Insurance Our Travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lombard Health
Protected with III Lumbard Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance
Jump Food
Rais Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto
[music]
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
AAA Lumbard Health Insurance Power Resto
Son, you are packing but your visa has come.
Will Papa come? If he doesn't come then travel.
I have a partner, right Papa? And what is this? This is Italy.
For car safety on a road trip
Travel partner will see paragliding
It is also risky, take care of your travel partner
I will take it and you also have to try it, no no
My blood pressure has increased so chill papa you know
The travel partner will take care of everything but this is
Who is ICICI Layard's AI Power Trip?
Secure Pass Travel Insurance Our
travel partner
In the game of life stay protected with
IIIrd Health Insurance in the game of
Life Stay Protected with III Lumbard
Health Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with III Lumbard Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with AAA Lumbard Health
Insurance
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy
Loans in the Game of Life Stay Protected
With ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto
[music]
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
AAAAA Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto son, you are packing but visa
Will Papa come? Oh, what if he doesn't come?
I have a travel partner, right Papa, and what is this?
This is about car safety on an Italian road trip.
The travel partner will take care of it
Paragliding is also a risky travel.
Partner, take care and you also have to try.
No no, my blood pressure has increased so chill papa
I know my travel partner will take care of everything.
This is the AI ​​power of ICICI Lord.
Trip Secure PS Travel Insurance
our travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with AAA Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected with III
Lumbard Health Insurance in the Game of Life
Stay Protected with ICICI Lombard
Health Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lombard Health
Insurance
Junk Food
Rais
Energy in the Game of Life Stay Protected
With ICICI Loard Health Insurance Power
Risto
[music]
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
Aaaa Lord Health Insurance Power Restore
Son, you are packing but your visa has come.
Will Papa come? Oh, if he doesn't come, then travel.
I have a partner, right Papa? And what is this? This is Italy.
For car safety on a road trip
Travel partner will see paragliding
It is also risky, take care of your travel partner
I will take it and you also have to try it, no no
My blood pressure has increased so chill papa you know
The travel partner will take care of everything but this is
Who is ICICI Layard's AI Power Trip?
Secure Plus Travel Insurance Our
travel partner
In the game of life stay protected with
III Lumbard Health Insurance in the Game
of life stay protected with III
Lumbard Health Insurance in the Game of Life
Stay Protected with III Lumbard Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with III blood health
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with AAA Lombard Health
Insurance
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto
[music]
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto son, you are packing but visa
Will Papa come? Oh, what if he doesn't come?
I have a travel partner, right Papa, and what is this?
Car safety on this Italian road trip
The travel partner will take care of it
Paragliding is also a risky travel.
Your partner will handle it and you should also try.
No no, my blood pressure has increased so chill
Papa, I know my travel partner will take care of everything.
But this is the AI ​​power of Who Iii Lord
Trip Secure Plus Travel Insurance
our travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with III Lumbard Health
Protected with lumbered health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lombard Health
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Insurance
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy
Loan in the Game of Life
Stay Protected with ICICI Lord
Health Insurance Power Resto
[music]
Jump Food
Coloring
Come in the game of life stay protected with
AAARD Health Insurance
Son, you are packing but your visa has come.
Will Papa come? Oh, if he doesn't come, then travel.
I have a partner, right Papa? And what is this? This is Italy.
For car safety on a road trip
Travel partner will see paragliding
It is also risky, take care of your travel partner
I will take it and you also have to try it, no no
My blood pressure has increased so chill papa you know
The travel partner will take care of everything but this is
Who is ICICI Lord's AI powered trip?
Secure Plus Travel Insurance Our
travel partner
In the game of life, stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected with Aaaaa
Lord Health Insurance in the Game of Life
Stay protected with a Lord's health
Insurance
Jun Food Color
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power Re
[music]
Junk Food
Rais Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
AAAAA LRD Health Insurance Pa
Hey son, you are packing but your visa has come.
Will Papa come? Oh, if he doesn't come then what will I do?
I have a partner, right Papa? And what is this, this idli?
For car safety on a road trip
Travel partner will see paragliding
It is also risky, the partner will handle it and
You also have to try, no no, my B
If your blood pressure rises then chill papa, you know you have to travel.
The partner will take care of everything, but who is this?
III Learn's AI-powered Trip Secure
Plus Travel Insurance Our Travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lombard Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with AAAAA Lord Health
Protected with Lumbard Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance
Junk Food
Rais Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
AAA Lumbard Health Insurance Power Resto
[music]
Jump Food
Coloring
Come in the game of life stay protected with
AAA Lord Health Insurance
Risto son, you are packing but visa
Will Papa come? Oh, what if he doesn't come?
I have a travel partner, right Papa, and what is this?
Car safety on this idli road trip
The travel partner will take care of it
Paragliding is also a risky travel.
Your partner will handle it and you should also try.
No no, my blood pressure has increased so chill
Papa, I know my travel partner will take care of everything.
But this is the AI ​​power of Who Iii Lord
Trip Secure PS Travel Insurance
Our travel partner
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected with III
Lord Health Insurance in the Game of Life
Stay protected with AAAAA Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with AAAAA Lord Health
Insurance
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto
[music]
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
Restore son, you are packing but visa
Will Papa come? Oh, what if he doesn't come?
I have a travel partner, right Papa, and what is this?
Car safety on this idli road trip
The trail partner will look after it but
Paragliding is also a risky travel.
Your partner will handle it and you should also try.
No no, my blood pressure has increased so chill
Papa, I know my travel partner will take care of everything.
But who is this, the AI ​​power of ICICI Lord
Trip Secure PS Travel Insurance
our travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protect
Aaaaard Health Insurance in the Game of
Life Stay Protected with Aaaard Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected vs ICICI Lord Health
Insurance Fudge
[music]
Of life stay protected with aaa lumbered
Health Insurance Power Resto
[music]
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
AAAAA Lord Health Insurance
Power
Restore son, you are packing but visa
Will Papa come? Oh, what if he doesn't come?
I have a travel partner, right Papa, and what is this?
Car safety on this idli road trip
The travel partner will take care of it
Paragliding is also a risky travel.
Your partner will handle it and you should also try.
No no, my blood pressure has increased so chill
Papa, I know my travel partner will take care of everything.
But who is this, the AI ​​power of ICICI Lord
Trip Secure PS Travel Insurance
our travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with AAAAA Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Protected with III Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with AAAAA Lord Health
Protect with AAAARD Health Insurance
Jump Food
Rais Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
AAA Lord Health Insurance Power Ltd
[music]
Jump Food
Rais
Energy in the Game of Life Stay Protected
With IIC Lord Health Insurance Pay
Oh son, you are packing but your visa has come.
Will Papa come? Oh, if he doesn't come then what will I do?
I have a partner, right Papa? And what is this, this idli?
For car safety on a road trip
Paragliding on the trail partner will see
The travel partner will handle it and
You also have to try it, no, no, mine
If your blood pressure rises then chill papa, you know you have to travel.
The partner will take care of everything, but who is this?
ICICI Lara's AI Power Trip
Secure Pass Travel Insurance Our
travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Insurance in the Game of Life
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Insurance
Junk Food
Rais Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
AAA Lumbard Health Insurance Power Resto
[music]
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
Power
Restore son, you are packing but visa
Will Papa come? Oh, what if he doesn't come?
I have a travel partner, right Papa, and what is this?
Car safety on this Italian road trip
The travel partner will take care of it
Paragliding is also a risky travel.
Your partner will handle it and you should also try.
No no, my blood pressure has increased so chill
Papa, I know my travel partner will take care of everything.
But who is this, the AI ​​power of ICICI Lord
Trip Secure Plus Travel Insurance
Our travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Loard Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Protected with III Lumbard Health
Insurance in the game of life stays
Protected with IIC blood health
Insurance
Jump Food
Rais Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto
[music]
Jump Food
Rais Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
IIC Lord Health Insurance
Power son, you are packing but visa
Will Papa come? Oh, what if he doesn't come?
He is a troll partner, isn't he, Papa? And what is this?
Car safety on this Italian road trip
My partner will take care of it but my partner will also
It is risky, the travel partner will handle it and
You also have to try it, no, no, mine
If your blood pressure rises then chill papa, you know you have to travel.
The partner will take care of everything, but who is this?
ICICI Lord's AI powered trip
Secure Plus Travel Insurance Our
travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with III blood health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with AAAAA Lord Health
Protected with ICICI Lombard Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Protected with AAAAA Lord Health
Insurance
Jump Food Flying
Choice Energy LA
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto
[music]
Jump Food Color
Ch ng
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lumbard Health Inc
Power
Risto son, you are packing but visa
Will Papa come? Oh, what if he doesn't come?
I have a travel partner, right Papa, and what is this?
Car safety on this Italian road trip
The travel partner will take care of it
Paragliding is also a risky travel.
Your partner will handle it and you should also try.
No no, my blood pressure has increased so chill
Papa, I know my travel partner will take care of everything.
But who is this AI powered IIII Lard?
Trip Secure Plus Travel Insurance
Our travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with III Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with III Lumbard Health
Protected with AAA Lumbard Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with AAAAA Lord Health
Insurance
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto
[music]
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lumbard Health Insurance Power
Risto son, you are packing but visa
Will Papa come? Oh, what if he doesn't come?
I have a travel partner, right Papa, and what is this?
Car safety on this Italian road trip
The travel partner will look after
Paragliding is also a risky travel.
Your partner will handle it and you should also try.
No no, my blood pressure has increased so chill
Papa, I know my travel partner will take care of everything.
But who is this AI powered IIII Lard?
Trip Secure Plus Travel Insurance
our travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with III Lumbard Health
Insurance in the Game Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lombard Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy Low
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto
[music]
Jump Food Flying
Ch
AG in the Game of Life Stay Protected
With AAARD Health Insurance Power
Risto son, you are packing but visa
Will Papa come? Oh, what if he doesn't come?
I have a travel partner, right Papa, and what is this?
Car safety on this Italian road trip
The travel partner will take care of it
Paragliding is also a risky travel.
Your partner will handle it and you should also try.
No no, my blood pressure has increased so chill
Papa, I know my travel partner will take care of everything.
But this is the AI ​​power of Who Iii Lord
Trip Secure Plus Insurance Our
Travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lombard Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with III Lumbard Health
Protected with ICICI Lombard Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Protected with AAARD Health Insurance
Jump Food Color
Ch Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
AAA Lumbard Health Insurance Power Resto
[music]
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto son, you are packing but visa
Will Papa come? Oh, what if he doesn't come?
I have a travel partner, right Papa, and what is this?
Car safety on this Italian road trip
The travel partner will take care of it
Paragliding is also a risky travel.
Your partner will handle it and you should also try.
No no, my blood pressure has increased so chill
Papa, I know my travel partner will take care of everything.
But who is this IIII Lord's AI Paw?
Trip Secure Travel Insurance Our
Travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with III Lumbard Health
Insurance
The Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected with III
Lumbard Health Insurance in the Game of Life
Stay Protected with ICICI Bank
Health Insurance
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy Loan
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto
[music]
Junk food colors
Ch Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
I Ba Health Insurance Power
Risto son, you are packing but visa
Will Papa come? Oh, what if he doesn't come?
I have a travel partner, right Papa, and what is this?
Car safety on this Italian road trip
The travel partner will take care of it
Paragliding is also a risky travel.
Your partner will handle it and you should also try.
No no, my blood pressure has increased so chill
Papa, I know my travel partner will take care of everything.
But this is the AI ​​power of Who Iii Lord
Trip Insurance Our Travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lombard Health
Protected Welcome Good Morning ICIC
Lord Brokers Premier League Season Two Day
Two
ok let's play the first
[music]
Ball so three to one jordara clap ho jaye
Make Some
Nose, a little noise, a little excitement
Double excitement this is Sunday
excitement
So first match qualifier match Adam vs
Prodent
Warriors won the toss and Adam elected to bat.
It has been decided that the game will be five overs, first ball
Cut very well and with a run
Starting with the first run one for
No
Los Second
Day 1: The first match of the qualifiers
Rohit is on strike now.
Sharma also took one run.
Both are batsmen off the mark with
Single this time good bowling into the block
Hole good start here Prodan Warriors
So everyone once again a hearty welcome to Myla
Mitra Solanki or commentator
Back ICA Load Brokers Premier League Season
to day
Two and here this is due to the due factor
Mangesh could not catch the catch
Jagtap, look, there's some commotion, some noise.
happened and here
But factor
cause of luck
Also here you will find two runs scored.
Four balls, four wickets, Edmon
Sharas
Swing Namish this heavy edge and first wicket
of
Fall Celebrating the First Wicket
of Qualifier Match First Match Caught
Behind Mukesh has caught it and grabbed it.
I have taken the ball that sticks in my hands first
Fall of Wicket Adam Insurance Brokers
wicket
Ki so once again warm welcome to all
Welcome every day, each day brings a memory
Today's day goes by giving a memory that is very good.
Special brings us all together
A hearty welcome to all and once again
explosive
Sunday will be great, very explosive
Five balls, four runs for the loss of one wicket
New
Batsman Nikhil Chauhan comes to bat
Big expectations from Rohit Sharma
today and what happened and once back to
back wickets
They have changed the weather, Dil Garden
The garden is done
What bowling, hat-trick in the next over
Chance Cut Band Once Again Mukesh became a hero.
Vivek Pawar has become a great start
Four runs on dotted line after the over
[music]
Excellent enthusiasm, excellent passion, power, strength
strength and skill
So here the purple sea has become overwhelming
You will become butter salty with tea
After once 4 feet one more over now for the power
Play long on fielder only a
Single So The New
Man Melvin
Thomas Now on Strike
at 1.15
Two new batsmen and the ball is old
1.26
Fatu has now run a run with speed
on strike
Melvin is on strike
to hit big shots
Effort is all about passion, it is power.
The Purple Army has made a good start.
Two wickets in the first over by Vivek Pawar
Scored four runs, saw a good start
Pressure has built up in
slip on and once again the outside edge here
If it had happened, I would have caught it.
Air travel, can the batsman also send the ball?
will provide air travel
In
Two to bowl the last ball of this over at 1.59
on strike
Is
played with the rolling pin
He has so good fielding and just one run at wast
Lung
Two overs over, two innings for 10
Shar Once Again Warm Welcome
Everyone has a super Sunday and we are now ICC
Loba Brocas Premier League Day Two Season
To so it's time to perform it's time to
Say goodbye to play office, say goodbye to cricket
You can say hi hi but everyone will say today is Sunday
If so, where is the work
Vivek Pawar yet another bowling mark
One over four runs two
wicket and once again good
Bowled outside edge one run short third
Man two the 11 at two at insurance
Qualifier One Qualifier Matches e on
First
Totally good bowling combination for the match
Be Beat
Gone 2.2 11 two on strike now row hit
Sharma
Great catch, great comfort
to cleverly shoot the ball and do it the best
Catch Catch Wins
Matches Krishna Jit has caught it and
Rohit Sharma is done
Ball with out charay
to 2.3 11 p.
Insurance in three ads
Brokers what a start this is from
Prudent
Warriors Three Wickets Taken in First 15
balls and 15 balls
Rest Mangesh sets up the feeding here.
Hue Kaf
The number of runs scored by the batsman with the charai
He alone will make it
Our batsman Mihir will hit
Bora Good bowling from Vivek Pawar 1.3 p
three wickets
excellent fielding there at sway will come
Back for u throw is very good directly to
The wicket keeper there good fielding
Performance by The Purple Army at
Squeak two runs here with the car ahead
Adman insurance will increase
2.41 Fallow
Swing End
Missed and not getting connection once he
Unable to connect timing
Vivek Pawar is a stranger
once sangli bowling
last ball of this over and defensively
He played this and stole one run from the over.
Adam 14 after three overs
Insurance
OK will speed
Up so after o 14 fath wat bowling start
Performance Bud Warriors Absolute
Fantastic and Vat
Start lost the toss but the bowling attack is
Very
Strang Lee has come on bowling in jersey number 15.
Only a Single Run This Time
[music]
at short backward
Sway Dilip Singh bowling p
Three Admins at 3.11
Sharas excellent keeping here Mukund ji
Bihar
Extra runs as stumps are wide balls
Score will increase to 16 on three 3.1
And once in a row it crosses the no ball line
outside the pitch
If you are out then the next ball will be free.
Hit no ball and free hit
ball so free hit delivery now let's see
Mahir No Strike
's High in the Air play toward Kaw Conner
Region and Couple of Runs
Taken not the two 19 on three
Edmar Bat
Exchange does something different and amazing
Denge 3.2 19 P Three Mehri Bora and Melvin
Thomas will now slowly cook the rusks.
do something different
Will show good bowling this line n
Length Mukund ji, full focus on the stumps
Excellent keeping bundle
stems three ten ten 19 pe
Insurance in three ads
Brokers This Time Play Towards Quell
Coming back for
Two good throws
21 runs for the loss of three wickets
3.4 Admin Sh
This time we have played to make a place in the finals.
Direction
In this nice stop the best
Stop, they put a new one there
B
Stop here and you get three runs and one run.
saved the team and this one run
Cricket grounds are very valuable.
In
3.5 243 Last ball coming up fourth over five
this of the over
Sports Qualifier First Match in
Progress: 10 runs from this over.
Turning to Be Good Over for Edmon Sharas Now
Here are some tips on what to do:
We have to break it, we have to break whatever balls are left now.
Sending outside the border line
is 3.5 24 last ball of the fourth over
[ __ ]
Up bowling well this time, that's right
The over will be bowled with dot balls.
End of four overs, 24 for 3
So coming
Up the final over of the first innings for
Overs 24
Faith is Taken
This very
For the Easy Purple Army, this is just a piece of cake.
Practice
And once Krishnaji was lost without a Guru.
Badal so here and one wicket
Fall Purple Oo Something
Magic Good Bowling Performance
So Krishna and one
The bar became
Hero Melvin Thomas c Krishnaji b Ashish
five runs seven
Ball endurance
Sonane has now come to bat for the last five.
Ball Let's See
Now Ashish Mishra
Time Block Holes
1 chance for run out direct
Throw could make something different story
Came with a bad couple of runs
Tekken 4.2 26 on four who will win
will lose
The other tried for but good feed
F there
But only a single
Run four ten three 27 pay four Adam Insurance
Brokers Limited team is batting
and Prudent Warriors
Bowling good effort there Dilip seems
He suffered a slight injury
The ball went over the top with great speed
Traveled
oh very
Fast the ball travels and it goes deep
Extra Cover 4.4 at 31
Four Mihir Bora has done it
Amazing coming up last two balls of the
First Absolute Fantastic Once Strong
Clap for Mangesh
What is covered What an excellent
Performance from long off to long on
The on-fielder is a little flustered, but
Mangesh Jagta said, I am here, I will come.
This is fielding performance for backup
of Prudent
Warriors 4.5 33 F 4 Last ball of the
First Innings
I will definitely go for two runs and here on this
Two runs scored, could not collect
Five overs end at 35
Char and the target will be prudent
Warriors to Win in Fiver
36 So We'll Take a Short Break and Come Back
Inning breaks will be only five minutes
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
Game of Life Stay Protected with III
Lumbard Health Insurance
Junk Food Color Choice
Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto
[music]
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
AAAAA Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto son, you are packing but visa
Will Papa come? Oh, what if he doesn't come?
I have a travel partner, right Papa, and what is this?
Car safety on this Italian road trip
The travel partner will take care of it
Paragliding is also a risky travel.
Your partner will handle it and you should also try.
No no, my blood pressure has increased so chill
Papa, I know my travel partner will take care of everything.
But this is who Iii Lord's AI power is.
Trip Secure Plus Travel Insurance
our travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with AAAAA Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lord Health
Protected with III Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with III blood health
Protected with AAAAA Lord Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Insurance
Jump Food Color
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lumbard Health Insurance Power
Risto
[music]
Jump
F
Age in the game of life stay protected
ICICI
Laba Tea
Trophy here at IC Labad
So umpire confirming scorer let's play one
There is loud applause every time
Let's Play First Ball 36 to Win
Warriors and a great effort here.
Did the fielder come a little further?
So it's an easy catch
Luck would have been on the side of the first ball here.
Q Warriors
Ashish Mitra
Mishra luck in his favor
I have given them life
Dan has run the race here with speed.
There is a little fielder here, Kavas
I got one run each
So to bus bal to fano las pra warriors 34 na
Firm
4.4 and the ball was a great shot here.
Stop before the ball in the swing leg
went and completed two runs with ease
4 runs, no wickets after 3 balls
Warriors are good this time
Bowling Rohit
Wanted to make the connection by timing it right
No
I with the single run scored after four balls
bold five fur no loss dand
Warriors, here was your chance, what a missed dream
broken best here this is the qualifier
of the match
Pressure That Will Prove Very Costly Now
For Adam Insurance
Fi ball bol six f no loss prn
Warriors luck is on their side
Completed two more runs today
Excellent running between the wickets there
Ashish Mishra and Darshan Nagvekar
One over is over, no runs, no wickets.
Need 28 in four o
Run So Fantastic Day One We Had
Yesterday's league matches were completed, now we are
Heading Towards Qualifiers
Matches ICICI Lombard Brokers
Premier League season to day two is
On to first match Adam Insurance Brokers
and Prudent Warriors
On Adam Insurance in the first innings
Chasing a target of 36 for 4 in 5 overs 35
Hue Pred
Warriors have now come, Apoorva
Mehta so 28 to get from 24
The short pitch ball has been pulled very well
over there
Effort and three runs completed here
Will make a good effort by fielder at fine lake.
Region Said One Run for the Team. Fur No Loss 25
To Get Fum 3.5 Left Over Lift
Ashish and Darshan no wickets
Yet time only single at short backward
Point Short Third
Man one ten two 12 no wicket produced
Warriors Hello Mike Ch Hello
controller please check
Nice cut and gets a run
Score taken now
will increase by 1.4 14 for no loss 22 runs now to
Get from 20 balls 22 runs 20
This time the ball is shot towards mid-wicket.
Rohit is running in the field.
Sharma there
But by the time the throw is made, two runs are scored here.
Batsman Complete
Will make 1.5 16 runs no wicket 16 shows
Bola so coming up last ball second over fm
Upper
Meta o the baller di collect
Ball chance for one more run out
I think Prudent Warriors
Has eaten the biscuit of luck at its end of the o
Number two they are 17 for no
Loss so Ashish Mishra is retired out
So speed up done warriors
No, it's not red.
Out so single to the end of the over no loss
Gun 17 Fur No Loss
ICICI Lombard Brokers Premier League
Season Two Day Two Qualifier Matches on the
First match of
19 runs needed today on three
over any wicket
No patience to listen
This time good bowling, big shots, mane ka
Prayas 18 balls 18 runs 17 balls produced
Warriors to win the match
for the target of 36 de chasing
This time down the track outer edge and this
of the wicket
Waiting for the fall
Adam Insurance Co. was here and here
got a wicket
He went down the track to kill and it
Wicket Fall Number First
Keeper
Name Keeper Name Once Again Slightly Clearer Voice
Prashant Reggie Ji did not come, Keeper Name Once
Again long fielder Nikhil ji keeper name once
Tell me keeper
Name ok melvin get behind
And now comes the explosive batsman from AI.
Too
Dangerous, there is no spring in his bat, it is his own
He is spring, Mangesh
Jagtap 2.2 at 18
One
2.31 will be updated
The page looks a little different today.
Many times the outer edge goes to the same region
remained
2.4 on 19 a Prod Warriors
17 runs 14 balls
2.5 is attempting 241 shots
But it is not getting connected
The target is 36 on the last ball of this over.
do
So the best bowling is Dheeraj only three
run and one
Wickets 2.5
241 16 to get from
13 Disha Heen bowling fuller length this time
Tried the ball there outside the lam
Adding extra runs to the score
2.5 21 Fav 15 to get from 13
Now, could there be any change here?
This big dream is broken
I have completed my hard work in reciting this Vas Chancery.
And
It is not easy to catch this catch, says father
Got a life donation after three overs at 23 for one.
I want 13
Run good shot there big hit mane ka
Prayas Mangesh Jagtap full enthusiasm, full power and
Mangesh also said why did this six not work?
Gaya so after three overs 23 fav now 13 to
Get Speed ​​Up Speed ​​Up
Fast Many Matches Too
13 runs needed from three overs at 23.
ICICI Lombard Brokers in two overs
Premiere
League Season Two Day Two
Even Sporting Partner Brand Nex
Media will do an economical over here now
You can come back in this match, Hand Reigns
Rohit
Sharma has played this time to the long off fielder.
Se lang na ki
Only a single run on the side 3 the one 24 on one 12
I need two runs, I'll hit two sixes and win the match.
Mangesh will finish it
Jagata No
Ball here and runs will be scored in the backward region.
Nice stop there
But the white bowler has signaled another wide ball.
plus two extra runs
White Plus
not broken
Oh no
So at Required
Now, and here it goes beyond the line.
Four, they have changed the weather, changed the match.
The number 45 jersey has been given for the Hit Man.
Region na dati 32 par ek darshan nagvekar najh khandha
Khan
Four, only four runs needed in this match
to win
There is no fielder here for this
No, only three runs are needed now.
There's plenty of time, eight balls left, three runs needed.
Need
Hai So Much More Time Mangesh Jagtap Non
strike
he wants to finish off
Styles and the ball slipped from his hands, three runs
are going to and with this this match
Pruden Warriors
Excellent performance by taking no wickets
Purple Army has the mantra of victory
The mantra was Korb Lar
Jid 3.5 36 Fur One What A Chase Seven Ball Two
Spare so next match coming up lager
Vs One Oil One Team Gulgar One The Toss
Elected to field first will first
Bowling and later changes
Chase so we will take a short break and come
Back for the next match Stay tuned
Audiences in the Game of Life Stay Protected
With ICICI Lord Health Insurance in
The Game of Life Stay Protected with Aaaaa
Lord Health Insurance
In the game of life, protected with
Health Insurance
[music]
In the game of life, stay protected with
II Lord Health
Ins S
[music]
Junk food colors
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance Power
Hey son, you are packing but your visa has come.
Will Papa come? Oh, if he doesn't come, then travel.
I have a partner, right Papa? And what is this? This is Italy.
For car safety on a road trip
Travel partner will see paragliding
It is also risky, take care of your travel partner
I will take it and you also have to try it, no no
My blood pressure has increased so chill papa you know
The travel partner will take care of everything but this is
Who Iii Lard's AI Power Trip
Secure Pass Travel Insurance Our
Travel
Partner in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with ICICI Lombard Health
Insurance in the Game of Life Stay
Protected with aaaa lumbered health insh
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
Jump Fu Rise
Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
Aaaa Lord Health Insurance Pa Rid
Junk food colors
Ch Energy
Low in the Game of Life
With AAARD Health Insurance Power
Re beta, you are packing but your visa has come.
Will Papa come? Oh, if he doesn't come, then travel.
I have a partner, right Papa? And what is this? This is Italy.
For car safety on a road trip
travel partner
F F B Bo Sis No
Los Ulti Palti De Ghuma Ke Jio Player
Wow, great shot four
Run Prashant has done wonders and all
The spectators became rich here with six or four runs.
For
5 balls 10 runs no wicket
No and the field became fielding side ones
Troubled excellent fielding
And here
three for
Runs sometimes football skills here suddenly
Messi on the field so three runs and what a
Good Start One All One Team One Gun 13 For
No loss what a start powerful start
ICC Lombard Brokes Premier League
2025 season to day two is
On Gulgar vs Oneal One Team Gulgar One The Toss
Elected to feed first they allow only one
Team to Bat
Sandeep comes to bowl first.
Very good
Has the ball been pulled?
turned it into a mess
What signal did the umpire give, Mr.
Azam Sheikh gesture for four runs
Prashant is getting
The bill has been made.
1.1 17 for no loss, very good batting.
Prashant is doing this to the opposing team
Prashant has troubled me
Troubled front or team fielding under pressure
There will be some changes in the decoration.
Change
Second
I take
Great shot, this is a selfie with a different style
Played in the direction of and got two runs excellently
Batting
Performance Sridhar this time
1.32 for no loss one all one team good
Kaner has played a great shot to start
Region three runs here.
Good batting performance here Prashant
And Sridhar runs fast for three runs.
The grip is excellent
Catch Fantastic
The catch is very big
F F O W One All One Team
So far five have come this way
Trying to make a run-ulti-turn shot there
But good bowling here Virat Surve
Slight changes in speed were missed.
batsman
3.4 34 Fav One L One Team Let's See Now If
They Can Reach That 50
Plus to Set a Big Target
Two-set challenging total
Galgar Once Again Back to Back Virat Surve
Excellent Bowling
Oneplus One on Display 3.5 34
There is silence for some time now, the team bats
Balle Shor Aayega, your time has come
Our time will come
Oh what
DSO excellent bowling performance Virat back
two back three dots to end
Over four overs play ends at 34 for a good one
Bowling Performance Pun Drop Silence In
Orange
Army After Four 34
Fav Ritesh Patil Arjun Ekda Bowling
But one
Only three runs and one wicket in the over
Bad F O 34 V One L One
Team Now Coming Up The Final Over Of The
innings
So it's a dot ball, Prashant looking to play.
For some b
Ting this time outside the line umpire Mr Azam
Sheikh indicated this wide
Ball 4: Prashanth batting on 35
remain 22 13
ball two fours
What about the figure of 50?
Will find Bhetel Bhetel run Bhetel
What's the matter, they did a lot
The best prediction will be left here.
Catch Drop Seven Number Jersey Thala Not For
Regions drop
Catch This Was The Chance To Take The Catch And Now
Retired
New batsman Bhavesh out by batting
Avella
Ch so very well
[music]
Plaid with two runs here car ahead
will increase
4.3 38
February 38
4.3 Good bowling
And try to hit reverse there once
Switch
Hit 4.4 38 on a coming up last to
Balls what two big hits
will kill
Sudhanshu last two balls coming up of the
First and here runs will be done
out trying to hit a big shot connection
Could not find and here the fall of the wicket
Patil bowled brilliantly.
And here the score should be only seven runs.
and one more
Wicket new batsman in the k now a the non
Striker
Shekhar now coming up the last ball of the
First Innings
38 for
One Swing in a Miss
will be here and a
Out one more wicket very good bowling from
Gallagher Team and One Team after four overs 38
38 for Fath and 39 for Galegi
Ranj is excellent here for just four runs.
Ritesh Patil bowls the last over.
excellent bowling
Performance again after a short break
Meet ICICI Lombard Brokers
Premier League season to day two is on
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance in the
Game of Life Stay Protected With
Game of Life Stay Protected with Aaaaa
Lumbard Health Insurance
Jn
Food
NG in the Game of Life Stay Protected
V ICEC Lord Health
[music]
Eras so once again welcome back do r watching us
Live Watching of IPL 2020 IPL 2020
2025 Once Again Welcome Hello How are you
Kaka one kam tusi ki ho ke mana end
Chemo so here at the galley house
To win, the Forest One team has given 39 runs.
Rans here the Orange Army is all around
Has it happened that he will excel in fielding and this
Lager's two brave batsmen will win the match
came to the crease
is the wicket keeper
Rohit Jump Flower Color
Choice Energy
In the game of life, stay protected with
AAAAA Lord Health Insurance Power
Restore son, you are packing but visa
Will Papa come? Oh, what if he doesn't come?
I have a travel partner, right Papa, and what is this?
Car safety on this Italian road trip
The travel partner will look after
Para Orange Army Tr Kar Le P No No
My BP has increased so chill papa patna
Hai Non Striker Name Once Again Non
striker batsman
Name Non-striker Batsman Name Once Again
Ajwain
G Let's Play The First
Ball Start With The Single Dew Fact
And here's the best catch what a catch
This is very Ali Fall One All One Team Josh
wake up
is absolutely fantastic what a
Catch Can We Have the Catcher
Name Prashant Prashant J Taken The
Catch Prashant here catch this catch what a
Kach catch takan der at langan
regionally
Prashant batted well before the fall
Batting's Galek is now troubled
Fielding took the catch and the opposing team
Prashant troubled him once again
done today
Troubled Parag Gaikwad comes to bat and plays
After two balls, one for
One completely lacking in enthusiasm and excitement
One or one team's duck out every ball wicket
demand after three balls two for one
Arjun and
Parag good fielding there
But very good start from one all one team
Just two runs, four balls, two for one, Gallagher
Gently pushed to mid off for a single.
run wicket
Mantra Kor Bol and Bajit Bo Which
Team so fi balls bal th fur one gallegh last
Ball Excellent start from Sridhar
and here's another one
Excellent wicket here as Sridhar gave it yesterday.
Is
Amazing bowling
Excellent bowling performance
Sridhar has done it
Magic spoon up spoon cumin in spoon
spoon above spoon spoon has cumin seeds Sridhar
in lakhs
Heera Absolute Good Performance One Is One
Team The Orange Army's Spirit is the
Energy
Continue one was gun three for two wat
Start One L One
A quick DRM comes to an on Team So ya
And Prashant, now after the catch, it is done.
Jersey number 14 has come on promotion bowling
Ricky Punting's fan
is so 36 to get in coming four overs to
Gagar Arjun Sharma and New Batsman
Sandeep
So one more over for the power play one over three
But
Demand for two wickets in every ball
Excellent throw Direct throw Excellent
Fielding ther at lang
On Just Single
Run, wicket will come, wicket will come, One Oil Team
If you win, then definitely have orange juice here.
will come, it is well flicked
Had he shot right, he could have taken a wicket but
Good
Bowling, I think all the pressure is on here.
Now batting
But good bowling by Prashant A Sridhar
This time he played in the mid-wicket area.
It has gone beyond the boundary line
Four very good shot, four runs at mid-wicket.
Region very well played by sandeep you see
Can Action Replay 1.4 10 on two galgar
He played it with good timing.
four runs
For 1.41 Fatu Galgar
Two on one de pao 11
Galagenda
wicket
Will take excellent fielding there at square
completely over here in the direction of Le
Diving fielding and only single run two
2 for 12 after the over
Gager 27 to get in coming three overs
Requires no current
Six so now boss is called for the quick
DRM Quick
Meeting Strategy Building
Two for 12 after two overs
Galligan Field Discussion on the Pitch
Discussion so you are watching ICICI
Lombard Brokers Premier League Season Two
Day Two Qualifier Matches The First Match One Bye
Prudent warriors they played with Adam
Insurance Brokers Prudent Warriors
Qualified for the next match one by nine
Wicket Now The Match In Progress You Are
Watching Gulgar vs One All One Team The First
Innings One All One Team Five and 38 for the
Chasing the Tagger of 39
Ranjith was 27 for 12 after two overs.
need 18
The ball is now on the bowling
Yes Sunny sir, he will bowl and do something amazing.
Will make some noise and take wickets at number 18
Jersey Virat Kohli Fan
The power play series ends here.
But all four
It is mandatory for the Orange Army to have four fielders on their side.
Inside
Circle fielding setup at third man
Shot Fine leg Short cover Short mid wicket
Fuller outside left stump
Tried to land but outside the lam
The umpire signals a white ball
by after 13 overs for no loss 26 to
Get From
18 full toss ball is played very good shot
Fielder will try but ball will win
Race de backward sway for
Four Days
Arjun
Sharma two off one 17 two balls 22 runs
need two
Pa, this time a great follow through.
Now pressure building will happen at Gale Ghar.
Come back from Sunny Sir 2 p 17 Gallagher na 22 runs from
ball taken down the
Magic Just Talking About It
Sunny Bhardwaj excellent bowling performance
2.2 17 Fatu Now and 2.3 Now 17 For
Three best here
But
Cricket, this is the game of cricket, sometimes happiness
Who will become the Singham of the match?
Good bowling here by Sunny Bhardwaj
2.3 Three on 17
Full enthusiasm, excitement, double excitement
Sunday fundays will blow away the opposing team
Poles 2.41 fathoms
Very good bowling from Sunny Bhardwaj just
Conceded six runs got one wicket now last
Ball of this over 2.51 for Gallagher 20 to get
From
13 So Very Good and Just Consider Seven
Ranj is on 20 after three overs.
19 runs needed for home in the next two overs.
19 runs required from 12 balls which is 12
in the ball
I have come to bowling and once
Sridhar took one wicket for just three runs and two wickets.
And we will take some more wickets because one oil one team
Has a different style of playing cricket
And cancel their ticket to Balling.
Good bowling shots were considered there
on 3.2 21 fath now 18 runs from 10
Balls two big hits color ball of this match
Sakthi two wickets in Orange Army team and
Excitement
This time Chhaye has played over the fielder.
best
Stop excellent fielding couple off runs
Said good fielding one point for him
Will be added to performance appraisal
Don't date 2 on three girls now 16 to get from
Not Swing Miss Good
Bowling Sridhar created complete pressure
kept
Is
1.4 Just six runs and two wickets taken
Very quality bowling from Sridhar 3.42 p
3 16 runs and eight balls
Bache's very good running between the wickets
No Man's Land and Couple Run
Taken 3.5 25 per three seven ball 14
Run Very Good Bowling Performance Orange
Army Shridhar Absolute Just Five Runs
Considered in this over last ball coming up
Now swing emes best bowling once
Strong bat for Sridhar in two overs, eight runs
He has given just one wicket and taken two wickets.
They have done the work and in front
The team was completely destroyed
He is so after four dew 25 for the in one over
14 runs are required
So which team do you think will win this match?
One All One team's Gallagher will win
Team Quick Discussion Once
again
Retired retired out Abhishek
Okay, so coming up the final
over let's here a one can make some nose orange
Where did the army go? Make some noise one by one over.
Sunny Bharadwaj Once Again needs 14 runs
into the bowling attack he bowled one over sen
Run and One
Excellent running between the wickets
Virat ran there with great speed.
Surve wt start 12 runs needed for five
Ball, they have passion, they have power
There is passion, there is strength in them, Orange Army Lets
See na five ball 12 run change in the feed
Settings Now
Fielding Decoration Short Third Man Short Fine
leg short backward point short cover deep
backward square leg to deep mid-wicket
Off and lunge
On
A fielder has been placed at deep cover, what a good one
Fielding Setting Still Fielding Decoration
One All One
Team So Here We Go 12 Runs From Fi
ball Virat
Survey's cracking hit corner
Region del take more couple of
Rans so good fielding there at corner region and
Couple of runs taken in four balls 10
Runs this time good bowling batsman stumps
It went to the leg side but it went over the stumps.
The ball went and excellent quality bowling
Performance from Sunny
Bharadwaj 4.3
run to
Gate
Oak To Fabulous Absolute
Fantastic Stupendo Fta Basli Fenta
Major Kali Magical Catch Catches Ns Matches
Absolute Fantastic To Taken Midwicket
Region best catch by
Sudhanshu what is this
towards the match
Is this the catch of the match? Absolutely a catch.
of the
Match 10 runs
There is still a chance for the ball, the team is under pressure.
Sunny Bhardwaj has done it on the Galgar team
The team in front has done wonders
miserable
1.4 Fatu Good Bowling
So Ridesh Patil comes to bat.
Two fat tucks that
No only single run so it's now time to
Celebrate One Legal Delivery
Now Only One Legal Delivery Required with
No extras, no balls, now it's time
To celebrate it's time to dance it's time
to make something
Fun to be maximum hit but no worries
You
Forest won this match by two runs
So one all one team many much congratulations
You are qualified for your next match one by two
Rans Very Well Played Excellent
Performance Good Performance One Oil One
The team is so great here
But
Performance Fielding Performance One L One Team
has changed the complexion and heart of this match
Garden is a garden
Gaya so coming up the next match Howden will
Taking Up with Anand Rathi Royals Howden One
The elected to power
First in the Game of Life Stay Protected
V ICICI Lord Health Insurance
Jump Food
r energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto
[music]
So hello good morning welcome back once
Again New Match In Progress Now Howden
vs Anand Rach
Ras so Anand Rose Royals and taking up with
Howden at the centre Howden once the toss elected
to field
First Chetan Jaiswal Piyush Lodha and Vishal
Jadav started proceedings
From
with two runs towards Howden Point
The score moves forward here.
Jayega so three rans taken one was gun at for
No Loss
So Good Start ICEC Lombard Brokers
Premier League
205 days to season
Two Even Sporting Partner Brand Next
India Good Start The Day To End Couple Of
Matches: Already Qualifiers: Adam vs. Pran
Warriors First Match One by Pran Warriors
Then second match one team Galgar lost and
One L1 team qualified for the next
Game End Now The Third Match In Progress
Howden vs Anand Rathi
Rays this time has played in the direction of fine lay
I ran for the third run and ran three runs.
here
1.11 for no loss Anand Raji
Royals now Ramakrishnan into the attack first
Vishal Yadav Conceded Sen Rans Piyush Lo The Pho
Chetan Jaiswal was
This time he played good fielding there.
short mid-wicket
No wicket on one wicket again
Anand Rati
Royals first two overs power play
Only two field eyes
Circle and excellent taken very good cot
Good
Judgment and the ball stuck in their hands
Fantastic
Catch Ramakrishnan
Wicket No. Fs Phal Anand Raji Ral Ls First
wicket
1.3 Good catch taken by Vishal late at cover
Region Ek Dati 12 Per Ek Anand Ranchi Royals
Krishna Kumar is the new batsman.
Yadav is bowling, Rama Krishnan and
Krishna is on strike
Kumar attempts a shot on the on side.
Couldn't find a connection with a dot ball this time.
The score will remain the same. Anand on one the four 12
Raja Raj
So the player got some hurt, he will take time
Time to heal, we'll take a short break and come
Back in the Game of Life Stay Protected
With ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
Jump Food
Rais
NG in the Game of Life Stay Protected
With ICICI Lord Health Insurance
[music]
So okay, so we're back in action.
Tus e ok heald once again we are back at 1.4
a joy
Now with the big balling run up Rama Krishnan will
Bal to Krishna
Kumar takes a chance on the catch and he takes it
Comfortable catch at slack region Aniket The
Fielder at slay region very simple
Catch the Second Wicket
Foul without scoring Krishna Kumar Yadav
Walks back to the
Two Anand Rathi Royals on Pali Ek The Pa 12
1.5 Two new batsmen named at 12
Upendra has made a great cut and the boundary
Best shot already
Magic has been done on the ball
and off the mark straightaway vs boundary so
Two Gun 16 Phat Anand Dal sometimes has to adopt
Hai Technique No Power Just Stroke
Speed ​​up quickly
Will Anand Rach Rolls Howard
Team after two overs 16 fatu bowling pe aaye hai
Huge Huge Huge Overcome Some Day
After 16 ft now Vishal Jadhav in bowling
Attack Runner for
Piyush Bhupendra not on strike first ball
four off the mark
Deep backward point, short third man, mid off
Short mid wicket short fine
But this time he played towards mid-wicket.
Only single run on the side, good fielding
2nd Pt 17 F Anand R
Howden won the toss and elected to field
fielding's
The verdict is easy catch once
Again three wickets gone with all
Catch to Catch Taken by Ramakrishnan and Na
Kalpesh
So good bowling Vishal Yadav strikes this
Time Looking to Play for Big
One and Bhupendra Necker c Alpesh b
Huge four off two balls with two overs on 17
Which three teams are in danger?
White ball signal here Mr Om Singh
Three Anand Ra on 2.2 18 by
New
Ganesh the batsman
and catch taken in the second attempt
Jinesh once again as wickets fall back to back
Wickets Good Fielding Performance Good
Bowling performance by
Howden so Piyush Loda c Jineesh b
Vishal F Se Balls 2.4 1944 Anand Ranchi
Royal Vishal Jadhav also scored two
Wicket 1.4: 2 for 10 and Ramakrishnan 1
Two for eight overs
Sky
Akash is the new batsman at the crease.
Yadav
So Vishal Jadhav vs Akash
Jadhav Tn outside the last minute starting with
Wide 2.4 244 Anand Ra Royals
So couple of last ball of the th
Come good feeding good tho direct tho will be
Something o yes gan still the tho was not so
Fine but you got wicket it's fine
Just shot very good throw ba Mitesh der and
Three Vas Gun 23 F F Now Anand Ra
Royals in Trouble
23 for 5 after three overs
batsman name
please speak
23 runs after three overs
ICICI Lombard on Wicket Loss
Brokers Premier League 2025 Season Two Day
Two Event Sporting Partner Brands
Next Media
This time he played short backward swing.
and with one run on the score
increase
After 3.1 24 F F Anand Ra
Roles Akash Yadav Na Na Strike
Trang for the Switch
Hit and clean bowl gun very good bowling this
I from
Ramakrishnan Akash Jadav was gun of three balls
N D Do 24/5 excellent bowling performance
From Houn Army
Vikram is the new batsman.
Wagh good fielding performance Howden
managed to take six wickets in this match
Anand Rati Royals 24 P6
3.2 Ramakrishna bowled brilliantly
Performance: 1.29 runs and three wickets
In
Successful straight forward something different
Outside the leg stump and umpire Mr. Om
Singh Signaling Wide
Ball 3.2 2 6 wickets lost here
Score Anand Rati Royals
Vikram Wagh on
Strike into the block hole, no given knot.
Giving any chance for the batsman for the big one
This quality bowling, this top class bowling
From
Ramakrishnan 3.3 26 questions
So this is the reason, after winning the toss, field first.
The decision left the Howden team completely devastated.
Anand Ra has done it
The ball will roll wide, signal from the umpire
here
3.3 Anand Raji 27 runs for the loss of 6 wickets
Roles ICICI Lombard Brokers
Premier League season two is on this day
Third Match Qualifier Match is on
They were coming back for two centuries.
back good fielding there at fine lang n
Region 3.4 28 F
Si Strike Bal Something Special But Lost
Rhythm So One More Wide
Ball in this over three why in this
Over but bowling done, only six runs conceded
Anand Rashmi Royals on 29th
to hit big shots
Attempt Shoot
and take one run here in the over.
come and one
Run comes as leg bye to leg
Ba will bowl the last ball of 3.5 31s
Ramakrishnan 1.5 14
Fat takes in to the block hole very good bowling
Performance Ltd. for Ramakrishna Very Good
Performance in the bowling attack in two overs
His bowling figures are three for 14 and here
But the score is 31 for four overs, now the last
Over Coming Up of the First Inix
OK, so we'll speed up as soon as possible.
Have the many more matches coming up
This is the last match of the qualifier match now
Quarter Final Match
gotta so speed up fast thank you for
Cooperation of all the cricketers and Sharma
Less
Wide ball outside the crease of 10 is indicated by a
Alela on bowling by Aniket Kerkar
Is
This time the game has been played in Kav Kanar region and
Two runs to move the score forward here.
Anand Rathi
Royals 4.1 34 F C Coming Up Last Five
Balls of the First Inning
Pushpak and May Sharma Non Strike Aniket
Kerkar Bowling
Rut's very good stop Jinesh at mid off
Reason Batsman Trying To Hit Something Hard
At Trang To Go
Long of reason but good stop end mid
off 4.2 35 overs now last four balls first
innings this time try to hit a shot
But that's not the connection
Mila Just Single
Runs 4.3 36 p
Pushpak now on strike, Mang non strike
Ramakrishna has bowled very well.
Over 14 on
Teen and Ramakrishnan have taken very safe catch
Comfortable catch bowling is also good
Fielding was also good
He is heavy in bowling and heavy in fielding.
L
Heavy Pushpak Dhamale Catch Taken Ba Rama Krishnan
b Aniket Five Five Balls 4.4 36 pts
Ananda Rao
4.4 at 36
Seven new batsmen have now come in for Mahendra Singh Dhoni.
MS
Dhoni first ball to leg-before
Run so coming up last ball of the innings
We have seen two qualifiers matches, first match
One by Prodan Warrior Second by One All One
Team Now The Third Qualifier Match is on How
Done taking up with Anand rr last b l first
Innings so just a single to end of the over
Very good performance by Howden Absolute
Fantastic Super Fantastic Five Overs
38 runs left and 39 runs needed to win
Vin val take a short break and come back soon
Come soon, the innings break is of five minutes.
Only Five Minutes
E in the Game of Lie Stay Protected Vi
AAARD Health Insurance
Jump
Fu Ng
Come in the game of life stay protected with
Get AAARD Health Insurance
[music]
This is the third qualifying round in
Progress How Done vs Anand Royals
So let's start and play cricket once again
Different style of game IC IC
Lombard Progressive Premier League
2025 Once Again We Are
Back 39 to chase how done Vishal Jadhav
Strike Mitesh Patil Na Non Strike End
Pushpak L Start Proceeding From Anand
Ratti Rolls: The first two overs will be the power play.
Only two fielders outside the circle
One fielder at long off and one at mid wicket
Region Deep Mid
Wicket swing miss looking to play for big
One Good Start By Pushpak Bowling Momentum
Change
So starting here with one run on two balls.
No wicket after one, Howden 38 runs now
Four overs to go, four balls remaining
This time good bowling by Pushpak, three
only one ball
Run is 39
Something in target fielding
Change Lake going out of the stem of stem
Ball Umpire Mr. Prashant Rege Signaling
white ball
It's cracking hit into the gap with long
Four fantastic shots, excellent
Lions in the four jungles, peacocks in the gardens
The batsman hit it hard
Four excellent cracking shots by Mitesh Patil
Strikes Really Well Sc
No chance for fielder stop
T timing
Perfection has been lifted, it will go straight away
Star system of run in space
Patla Bullock Cart Mitesh takes a powerful blow
Patil first ball four runs then six runs environment
The weather has changed, five balls 12
No runs, no wickets, how
Done and it's good [ __ ]
back it's clean
Bowled in the first two balls but did wonders
Now the bowler has made the batsman miserable.
Attack One Oz Gun 12 for One How Done
New Batsman
Rama lost 1 wicket after 1 over, 12 runs
But the new batsman is at the crease and he is bowling well.
K Ramakrishnan and batting
Vishal on strike
Yadav comes on to bowl. Akash Yadav Yadav
Versace
Yadav and once Akash Yadav it is spin
King East to West does the best
turn
1.1 12 One Howden 27 Russ Now
3.5 Trouble Something Different This Time
Lose Eye Lame Wide
26 runs off 1.1 balls and 3.5 overs left
Played towards short mid-wicket and took a single.
Liya Na Patu 14 Fav How Done 25 To Get In
[ __ ] 22
Balls 22 runs 25 balls
1st innings: Anand Ratti scored 38 runs, while Rati made 39 runs.
to chase and qualify for the next in the
Quarters
Final
Now Rama
Krishnan will take strike
Good
Bowling took a very big turn, it took such a turn
Direct from Melbourne
London Vat Turned Fantastic
Bowling at one wicket 14
A good bowling by Akash here.
Amazing Spin King Spin Ke Hai
Jadoo so good stumping there best stump
Krishna Kumar managed to take a wicket here.
But Anand Rathi is the royal hero
Players sleep without troubling scores
Ramakrishnan goes back in
Pavilion 1.4 14 Fatu now the new batsman
Aniket the new better
Ata is on strike, Aniket
Kerkar and once from Melbourne to London this spin
Do
are one of the 14
Fatu
25 off 19 balls what a good bowling performance
Completely ruined it here
Strongly avoided by Akash Yadav, just two runs more
One wicket with bowling quality
Bowling pressure is now on Howden.
25 runs needed in the over and a quality over
Anand L's can put pressure on
bowler
There are new forces and new bowlers in bowling.
Mahendra
Full toss ball, try to hit a big shot.
Run will come as bye
Mahendra Barwad is a fast bowler and is bowling
2.1 15 burst 24 runs now from 17
Balls umpire signalling wide ball
Just over the fielder there at sleak region this
What is the disadvantage of the tennis ball Papa?
After that it goes over the head
Ball Bounce and Gun for
Four R with How in the direction of Four Sway
Done 242 after 2.2 now 19 to
Get Half the Work is Done Half Yet to Be
Done, this time I have played the game, I have got the connection
What a great connection for six runs
They attack with the sword and send blows
are on the border line
Cross tremendous
Sixer Excellent Vat Scoop
shot
Excellent Dil Scoop and Four Ras
Couple of run truck der best cut shot do run
stole here two da pa 32 on two how
Done
Strong for Switch
hit so dot ball to end of the
Over 3: Over 32 for 2 now
Only seven runs are needed to win this match.
Can I Easily Win This for
Match no need to go for some big hitting
So the score card correction the overs got 33
Fatu Now Six Required in Two Overs
This team played towards Sleek
Region Only a Single
You only need five runs to win this match.
How to qualify into the
Quarter Finals
It's once again good bowling
Performance Sky
Yadav can do something
Magic A Team D2 Only three runs and one wicket
Good bowling
Performance Spin Ka Magic
But this time a little more turn and off turn
of the line
Run with extras outside
will increase by 35
Fatu t played well in to the
Gaps takes the gun way for four runs and takes it
At the end of the match Howden one by eight
wickets
So we'll take a short break and come back later.
Announce the quarter-finals who will play
Against Chch Team
In the game of life stay protected with aaaaa
Lord Health Insurance
Junk Food
Rais Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Pa Risto
[music]
Which matches are taking place from the quarter finals?
Once the scorer tells the commentary box
Give how many matches this team has against V
Team once we write note down note down
Anur ji, who will take Anur ji in the quarterfinals?
Matches from list to list
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
Jump Food Color Choice
Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Pa Risto
[music]
So coming up the quarterfinals
Quarter Finals Coming Up First
Match Symbo will take up with M
IBL Second United Strikers
vs. An Third House vs. Lawton End
Fourth Pink Panthers vs. Prudence
Warriors So First
Match Simbo Strikers vs MIBL
In the game of life stay protected with
AAAAA Lord Health Insurance
Jump Food
Rais Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
[music]
So here we go coming up once again we're welcome
Everywhere IC IC Lord Brock's Premiere
league my self mitra solanki and commentator is
back
Finals
Now the first match is Simp Strikers
Taking Up with MIBL MIBL One The
Toss elected to
Bat We Are Ready To Play Ready To Road Super
Sunday Excitement
Sunday Just Couple of Minutes Ruk Do
Minute scorer e updating will wait some couple of
minutes time
Still the scorer is confirming he will confirm
Start Just Wait for a Couple of More Minutes
We will start the
Games and
And
ok let's play you can start the play will
Resume Now Blur's Name Was Again
ok are we going to go one at a time louder
Lia Make Some
Nooz Let's Play First Ball Harin Strike
Sandeep Patil Nun
Strike starting with white ball outside
Ne Tom
Best here
Beginning Simbo Strikers
Rishikesh comes in to bowl with Ash Ansari and his
With Sandeep
Samuel has won the toss and MI has batted first.
Toss elected to bat
First two balls, two runs, no wicket.
IBL: Big shot attempt goes wrong
single towards short third man
with three balls bowled three for no
Loses good bowling attack Rishikesh from Simbo
Strikers
Receipt Keeper Can Be He Tra To Ho
Wrecked on the
Stems Could Be Different Story
Der Four Balls Bold Fo Fno Las M IBL
what happened
Score We Are Now Entered in Quarters
Finals at Big Contenders
Not taken and gun looking to play on side
Watt off side looking London talking Tokyo heise
Gut the edge and safe catch taken at eight short
Third
Man wicket number one fall 4 for one
so well done
Looking for the Bug Connection Just Outside Edge
Straight to the fielder shot to third man single run
Taken so end of the first over very good
Start by Hish Kesh Considered Only One Run
Only five runs and one wicket, one gun fight for
One Mi
BL So here we have the quarter finals
schedule
So order wise team can be ready simbo
Striker End Versus MIB Current
Match J on Second Match Quarter Finals Will
B Uni Lite Striker vs N Dazzlers
The third match will be Pink Panther vs Pran
Warriors and the fourth match will be Howden
Versace
Lawton excellent between the wickets a couple of
ns taken ts play towards kaw corner
Region by
Akash Priyanshu Jane Now Into The Bowling
Attack we saw yesterday his absolutely
Fantastic Batting Performance Now With The
ball
Today's a cracking hit play towards
Mid-wicket
Region One More Couple of Runs Added to the Total
1.29 Feb A
IBL SO Quarter Finals
Second Match Next Match Will Be Unlimited
Strikers vs. An Dazzlers Then Third
Match: Pink Panthers vs Prodan Warriors
Howden vs Loughton the final quarter
Finals
to plead towards fine elect region and the
Quarter Finals Now Seven Overs
game
1.3 11 for One Back to Back Couple of Runs
Hat-trick
couples
Akash rotates in the strike with a couple of
Runs
To swing miss this time looking to play off
Side
Region He Can Play and The Clear the In Field
A off side no feed
Deep 1.4 Fv Mi IBL
There is no shoot, no stunt could be a different story
Very good running button wicket Akash A
Arshad De Run Like Rocket Lightning Speed
running between the wickets
A MIBL score of 12 on the 12
Last ball Priyanshu
Jain has made a great cut this time.
Fielding there at short third man and one run
over with
End so after two overs 13 fave mi
BL
Na the new bowler sayo into the attack very good
Fielding the Absolute Fantastic
At lung of good stop once strongly talia
Fancy Hair Come On
Change in bowling at this time
has been perfectly matched with
Confused batsman blown away
Fuse very good catch excellent catch there at
Deep Point
Region D point deep fielder best
The timing of the catch was good and the catch was taken by
Ritesh
Late fall of the second wicket here at MI
BL Simbo Strikers Baler
strikes so
Akash c Ritesh b Suyog 8 off 8 balls
2.3 14 on two
New batsman in the crease Praful
new umpire sin white ball
Mr
Nashad 2.3 15 ft M
IBL ts played elegantly towards slay
Reason he was looking for you just run halfway
down already for the couple of
R sent back
Two M at 2.41
IBL going outside the term line
umpire's white ball
2.4 is of 1742 m IBL
Score this time, a powerful strike by a fielder.
Over there in the deep region with a run in the m
IBL 18 Ftu ICICI Lord Brokers
The Premier League We Are Now Entered Into
Quarter Final First Match in
Progression Full Toss Ball to Play Towards Deep
Cousin for a single run so rotating strike
Every Ball MEPL Sen Over Game First Match
Quarter Finals
Single to end of the over, three overs play
Two MI BL scores at 19 overs
This tom cracking shot played at deep swerve
Lake region only a single good stop after the
fielder
Late 3 the one 20 on two MIBL's
Score Excellent Cut Shot Very Good Cut Shot
Fantastic
and to gun for four at deep backward point.
Excellent cut shot, read it very well.
took it and broke it for four runs
for 3 the two 24 on two mibl
This time the fielder is positioned short deep backward
Quickly with two runs on the swing leg.
Arshad ran away
Ansari's run will increase by two runs.
Scored two 3.3m IBLs on 26
Good bowling this time, good come back here
bowler Priyanshu
Jain wants to play the pitched short ball
The batsman was totally beaten
. on Ch 26
Two and see this cleverness is like
He hit a reverse shot
went to try and the bowler gave Priyanshu
Slow with Jain Chatra
Release 3.5 262M
IBL will bowl the last ball of this over now.
Priyansh
Jain bowled well defensively this time.
He took it to the covers and scored a run.
So that will be the end of the over number four
2742 MIBL
Taking a hit, he got the distance, what a shot takes
Gun Fur
Six, after a long time, I saw these six runs.
In this match and today
Excellent shot very well connection Arshad
Ansari strikes well, bats well
performing
Well 4.3 36 ft MEPL with maximum t
From Arshad
Ansari time played cracking shot at deep
Cover region Deep point region Single runner
Ch Score on 37 for two ABL 7 overs
Game Cracking To Good Stop At Lung
of only single run coming up last ball of the
Fill over M
IBL Initially one toss took two but no
Billboard Singles 38 No
Good Stop Late Short Mid
Wicket single to end of the over five overs
Game Over 39F
MBL IC Lombard Brokers Premier
League
20 season to day to event sporting
Partner Brand Nex Media
We are entered in the second day first game
First day all went in the league game we seen
Today Qualifiers and Now We Entered Into
the quarter-finals
5 The 1 for 2 Ritesh Jadhav is bowling now
Came and this one bounce in to the fence great
Strong four runs
MIBL 4442 with four runs for
5.2 Lung On Fielder X
There was a long fielder and that wicket fell off me.
BL The Third Wicket
Fall of the third wicket by Praful Navale caught
Taken Catch Suyog Bowl Ritesh Nan of Sen
Balls with One
Four pad dati 44 par three
Na the new batter on strike
Rohan over the fielder single
Run 5.4 453 m IBL
Arshad Ansari batting well 2 16 bt
Sticking tat gun my in the er and tat gun for
B
Six Fantastic Six T Shot Cracking T
For Big
Forest
Arshad Ansari with perfect timing
Second six smashed from his bat
batting is
Jari 28 off 17 balls with one four and two sixes
with a strike rate of 164
rate and once played vaish lang
Neither single run nor rotating the strike
Arshad Ansari striking every ball
Well, six overs are over, 52 for the Nats, 50.
up m
IBL Now Coming Off
The Last Over of the First Innings
MI 52 for 3, BL after six overs
It's gun miles in the et's gun for big one f
This is the best shot, it went so high, so high
She left as if saying hello to him with an arrow.
I once again what the result is
This time a big effort, what is small here
The dream is broken Arshad Ansari and once life
Donation Air Travel Aeroplane Arshad Ansari
T's Gun and Wicket Arshad Ansari once
Strong Talia Very Well Played 37 of 21
Ball one four and three air travel six
Runs so very well played so beautiful so
Elegant so energetic so powerful it wa
Just looking like wa
So good catch taken by Priyanshu at Langan
Region
O this time
Suyog really tried
Well, and it's gun for
Four runs on 64 for four now last ball
of the first innings
to the outside edge that will go for four
and and vs
Boundary so seven overs end at 68
Who will win and who will lose?
Loss Good batting performance MIBL
Seven overs to Simbo Strikers now
69 runs to be made to enter the semi-finals
to do
Liye So Once Again We Welcome Everyone Do
Watching Us Live IC Labad Brokers
Premier League 2025 season to day two event
Sporting Partner Brand Nex Media
We have entered now into the quarter
Finals The First Innings
Completed Simbo Strikers vs Mi
BL MI BL 1 The toss elected to bat
And they scored 68 for four in seven overs.
Simbo Strikers need 69 to win
In the game of life, stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
Jn
Food Engineering
Come in the game of life stay protected with
Aaaaa Lord Health Insurance Power O
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lumbard Health Insurance
Jump Food Flying
Choice Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lumbard Health Insurance Power
Risto
[music]
First ball is a very good shot but a good cut.
Shot Excellent Plaid
Tus de Point Region for Four
Runs were welcomed with swagger off the first ball.
and shipped to the border placed the load on R
four first ball tf four second ball put away shot
P has pulled the ball and has bowled the ball.
Four runs conceded
great shot bang
Started with back to back concut boundaries from
Aamir someone
A
Mila Straight Big Appeal The
Umpire so very good stop bit of misfield
And coming back for no one to send
Back So Good Call Striker and Sem Backu
Non-strike feed
But a Taken
Catch first wicket Ree Lee first over Chas Tut 69
L F Wicket Si
The striker has taken the catch
Praful has caught the catch and Hansa is stunned.
Khush so fi overs fi balls bold na fav
Ritesh
Yadav went for a golden duck
Now the new batsman is coming at number three
Priyanshu J in the new
Better Yesterday Played Something Different Something
Special Very Good Stop Excellent Stop At
short third man
Reason so single to end of the over of an over
A Simbo striker at 10 after the end
Need to win now
59 runs in six overs
One over 10 for one quarter final in
First in Progress Simbo Strikers
vs MBL Then Next Match Coming Up
Uni Lite Strikers vs N Dazzlers
Then third match Pink Panther vs Prodan
Warriors and then the fourth match Howden vs
Lakan
So Unila Striker vs An Dazzler De
can have coin
The toss was thrown in a twist but straight line.
Good stop good fielding near the feeder
So Unila Strikers vs N Diesels Toss
Let's do!
to hit big shots
Prayas Outside Top Edge in Backward Region
scoring a run
taken and taken
mid off
It felt as if the ball stuck to the fielder's hands.
Fevi stuck to their hands
That's the wicket number second fall Simo
Strikers
Fielder Name Sandeep
Surname Patil
Right Sandeep
Surname Catcher Sandeep Surname Samal Sandeep
Samal Sandeep Sal ​​took catch and mud off
Now the New Better
Good luck, big wicket here, Priyanshu Jain
kernel of
blink m
IBL will try its best now and
Will build pressure to take two wickets
Bowling here with good bowling Chatura
Arshad of
Ansari brings heavy batting and bowling as well
Heavy Once Again Excellent Bowling Performance
Arshad
Ansari, who batted, scored 37 runs 21
ball
1436 in bowling, also in batting
Hero in bowling too, hero in front
made the team
Zero and one wicket, excellent performance all
Rounder
Performances are back as Hero Super Sunday
Super Funde blows away the opposing team
Dande Simbo Striker
Absolute Lust Now the Third
Wicket All Round Performance by Alash Ansari
Just conceded two runs and two wickets
Taken at 12 for 3 after two overs
Simbo Striker 57 runs now five to come
in the over
Aman Kumar The New
Batter Quick One
From Sandeep
Sail Into The Bowling
Attacking, good bowling here completely
Pressure Simbo Strikers
But Sandeep
doing your second
Two and two are 12
Three Simbo Strikers
good this time
Turn left good bowling performance here
Common spin
I wanted to play him in the covers region.
Outside short third man one
Runs 2.4 13 for three
Good bowling performance m
IBL Good Fielding Performance Arshad All
Rounder
Performance in batting as well as bowling
I am also heavy in fielding
Heavy two the pa 14
Fath will complete two runs easily.
Sots End of the Over Number 16 Fourth Symbol
Strikers
Ace needs 53 runs in four overs
Nothing will happen with the dukkah of sixes and fours
to make it rain
13 runs are to be scored per over and
Current T Only F You have to bat 3
Actu X's speed
Now we need some fireworks.
The match needs some big strokes
Want to win and get some excitement in the crowd
Increase
He is so after the 16th Simbo Strikers
Aamir and Aman Kumar are batting
Now Praful into the
Attack Good Bowling Excellent Line
length looking for a big
Hit, totally beat, here the batsman got
Aman Kumar
Outside edge and this is out by Praful.
It's amazing, you've laughed again
Happy catch was taken now wicket
He did some magic today.
Sote's fourth wicket falls for Simbo Strikers
MI
BL In On Fire
Now the Brown
Army Brown Munde is doing amazing
Str Fee Point Collect Region Taken One
Run and Wick of the Mark V
Single 3.31 F F 52 Now To Get Coming 21
Balls
A Bit of Family and Batsman Has Taken
Double a couple of runs taken
Late Simbo Strikers
Note: Check the chart at 19
By the time you throw, you can easily complete two runs.
Will do so back to back couple of runs adding
Total 21 3.5 48 Now to get 19 Run Rate
Requa 15 runs every over
Now very good bowling sent back end
What good work and follow through by
Praful Fantastic
and his wicket
Number suddenly what shout what
Crowd after four overs at 21 p.m.
Strikers
So after four verse 21 for fi symbol
48 Runs in Three
16 runs per over
This time I made a place to try to play there
But forgot some different style of fielding cricket
started playing football
good stop something some times apply the
Football Skills to Stop the
Ball said very good turn and seen many turns
From the Left Arm
Spin Akash Yadav Sandeep Saul Now
Arshad
Ansari goes into the gap after a ball.
three three
The fielder is telling the ball how much respect
Look at me
4.4 245 and run shot only single
run good fielding by
Praful number 11
Jersey Fan of Mohammed
KF 4.5 25 FF Simbo Strikers
best
The bowling has turned like this straight from Melbourne
London: Five overs end at 25 all out
MI BL has a very good grip
Has now scored 44 runs in two overs in this match.
22 runs per run
One run, two runs will not do anything now.
Fireworks smash copper in travel
Pittal batting will have to be done
Just single at shot backward
Point 5 The Ek 26 Pa 11 Gen 43 Runs to Get
what good catch excellent taken catch n
Matches Fantastic by Sandeep
Sal very good catch taken there wicket
Number 50 ...
Mode
Good fielding performance
IBL 6844 after seven overs target given
69 and Simo Strikers 26
S 43 rns now in 10
Balls all balls for four runs
Now every ball boundary win this
The match will go for four excellent shots deep
Ext for running long fielder try to stop
Butt Ball Win
Race Every Ball Boundary No Required 39
Two-ball six off 5.33
Simbo Strikers on loss
Playing in the score gap will have to be done in a different style.
now with
Chirag four runs on the first ball
Cracking shot this time straight to the feed
Deep's
Reason only one run 10 balls 38
Runs scored: 38 runs, 8 balls, 38 runs
only a
Single coming up last ball of the six over
37 to get from
Sen Swing
Miss SC 37 u get in last over
IC IC Lombard Brokers Premier League
Season to Day to Event Sporting Partner
Brand Nex
Media We Are Now In To The Quarter
Finals
A Big Contenders
Playing after eight four teams in the semi-finals
Then two teams in the final and who will win
Will Lose
in
The Lunch What Ya Will
Choose from 37 required from six balls
Good bowling
So coming up last three balls of the match
And now MBL can
Celebrate the first team to enter into the
Semi-finals
Tus Arshad Ansari Try To Take It But J
shot so coming up last two balls 35 to get
what will be the winning margin let's
See so coming up the last ball of the quarter
Final One Mi Bl Will Enter Into The
Semi-finals
A out last moment wicket and MBL
Congratulations you enter into the
Semi-final Very well played Simo striker
Very good journey makes some neither
Teams M
IBL Team to Enter into the Semi-Finals so the
Next match coming up in the
Audiences in the Game of Life Stay Protected
V ICICI Lord Health Insurance
J
Food
NG Game of Life Stay Protected With
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
Risto
[music]
In the game of life stay protected
AAARD Health Insurance
Jump Food
Raising
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
[music]
Curse A On Dieselr Ankur Jan Strike
of Kyar
When writing the name
No Ranjit took the catch four bowler four
But now a new batsman has come into form, Rahul.
You must have heard the name
Quick single off the first ball
Asthma, five balls, five runs, one wicket, perfect start
good start and
LAS SO SINGLE TO GOOD START FROM ANKUSH JAN
One Vas Gun Unila Strikers Sf
One Wave Power
Play this seven over game, it's amazing
This is the second match of the quarter-finals of the
Progress M
IBL vs Simo Strikers First K
The first quarter final was held and MI BL
Entered the semi-finals
Quick single played defensively this time
wanted to go to
Quick Single
Taken one ten two seven
A Siddhesh More
Rahul on strike
Dubey swings a miss good bowling slow pace
has bowled this ball to the batsman with
done it
Confused a dati sa at a unila
Strikers
ND Days won the toss and decided to field
is and good
The Beginning Once Again Back To
Back Siddhesh
More Just Conceded One Run Four Balls Bowled
And this happened between the two
If two vehicles collide on the same track, it will happen.
What happened in the accident, the dream was shattered.
This couple of runs took place at 1.59 FV
So correction Rahul Dubey Rahul
Maheti ts clear the in field but good stop
The
Fielder couple of run taken very good running
So to Russ to the end of the over after two overs
A Unila Strikers on 11
Rahul Bati And Madhav
Step two over 11 on a Unila Strikers
Twill
Go For
Russ banging on the main ICIC Lombard
banner backward region fur four five
Whites have got five
Run Free Chandan Ghee Smara Nandan
And a wide ball yet to start the over.
Hui back to back whites ch run yeh hai free
Bonus
Run No Claim Bonus
No claim bonus is available after one year
No claim here before this over.
Bonus 2.1 18 Fave Uni Light Strikers
and one more
back to back bars
It's free at White's place.
Runs 2.1 19 five scores of undefeated strikers
Very good running excellent
I ran a run, I ran a strong run
Two runs scored Uni Striker Two
The two 21
One two is in demand
Here, your demand has been fulfilled by the batsman.
Supply Do Dati 23 runs for the loss of one wicket
of the Unila Strikers
Score Sachin Jaiswal to
A male name
But this time he made good bowling arrangements.
wanted to try and play him for point
This nice [ __ ] back from above
Sachin Jaiswal
2.4 23 F
And another wide
Balls in this over so far: 13 runs from two balls
There is remaining
13 runs are enough for you
White's Once Again This Very Good Come Back
Just and feed no ball umpire such a jump
But it is speed
best with
shot six runs
No ball for and this is for Mavs
No ball free hit
Umpire needs a helicopter
2.5 31 fw 20 runs in this over
He has come back well from the last ball.
20 runs conceded by Sachin Jaiswal off the overs.
31 for one is the score of the Unila striker
After three overs, 31 for one undefeated strikers
Three overs for 31
Three Madhavas
Steps and
Rahul Rahul batting 15 off 11 ton sis the
Previous over at deep cousin fantastic shot
No sprout
Jane once again cracking strike long off
Reason the fielder Siddhesh more good than only
Single 3 The Two 33 for one loss
of the strikers
Score usko khel diya hai wais lang of ke
two more in the region
Runs scored by Bat at 35 for a 3.3
Good fielding by turning around
short third there
Man 3.4 36 and this partnership is doing
Fine current partnership for the second wicket 3
19 h shot of the
Fielder a little bit here fielder fumble
The batsman took a wicket and scored another run.
Double 3.5 A Unila Strikers at 38
Scored
This time I have played the game, I have sent it, where should I send it?
Send it to our commentary box
has been given for six runs
Absolutely good for
shot wat shot for six
Runs four overs game over 44 f one fireworks
Rahul's explosive batting
Rahul said you must have heard the name but now this
See the amazing batting
And with this shot, four overs 44
The last three
11 runs per over, runs being made in the 80s
will go up
The change has happened
T's Gun for Four Demolition Copper Brass Four
The run has been broken, it has been burst and in front
turned the team to
is 4.2 49
Fav good here
Rahul batting perfectly
Jordaar Ts Gun He's Out Pranit
Para finally a say of relief big wicket
Fall Big wicket fell in the water in a jiffy
So very well played, strongly Talia for
Rahul so 4.4 they are now 49 for two
This time an attempt was made to catch the catch in the follow through.
inspired by
Parab Only A Single
Speaking on the run pledge, hey, how are you faking your move?
So once again, I hit a strong five over 50.
Uni Light Strikers are all out
only a single clap received
Pa Darshan Lok on a 50
Twice on the edge and what a dream left here.
I could not carry it here
Keeper Single Run 512 5.2
Second Match Quarter Final E
On Unila Striker vs N
Diesel very good running very fast
Bhaage Excellent Running
5.3 53 Fat Unila Strikers
And here's the best shot from outside the boundary.
It went four
Lions in the jungles, peacocks in the gardens, batsmen
Mar Diya D Point Me Four
Comedy of
Errors Couple of Runs Taken
6.5 59 for two
The over will end with one run. Six overs
60 per two after
The umpire holds both hands parallel to the white ball
6.1 of 61
burst and once it's not a replay it's and a
Wide
Back to back wide
and simple
Catch looking for play big one top edge and
Excellent simple catch by him
I stopped at the pearl powder
Laddoo's Wicket Fall Number
Three 6.3 62 on three
When two vehicles go on the same track,
will go to suicide wicket
The car will move forward here with two runs
UNIL Strikers
Kina 6.4 65 four coming up last two balls
of the first innings
What Catch Fantastic
Excellent catch, superb, brilliant
Beware Absolute Fantastic Very Good
Good catch here, excellent fielding.
Performance Raid Team Dangerous Team
6.5 at 65
Pa has taken the catch Gautam Gautam has taken the catch of the pad
he is not serious
and want to go for a run
Yes, it has been
out last ball last wicket and wicket hoke
It's their turn
Moy Soo scores two runs
will go up to 65%
2 67 68 Sun Aims A On Dazzlers
ICICI Lombard Rocus Premier League
2025 season to date in quarter-finals
Two United Strikers
67 for six down after seven overs
And An Dazzlers Now Requires 68 To Win
To enter into the semi-finals
In the game of life stay protected with
AAARD Health Insurance
J Food
R AG
Come in the game of life stay protected with
AAAAA Lord Health Insurance Power
[music]
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lumbard Health Insurance
Jump Food Color
Ch Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
Aaaa Lord Health Insurance Power Restore
[music]
Looks like a little misfield there.
All seven fielders running after one ball
The I Can
Say I'm Being Wan by Mr. Pankaj
don't use any
Language to be sophisticated
Use laga aai kaan
to next
Bal full toss ball very well and [ __ ] it
But Bisal is running after Phadke.
Four runs coming to mid-wicket, spectacular.
stroke here
Hi
The first power play of the innings will make a
Hughes
Difference
Bowler has taken the responsibility to leave
up to the expectations of his
Captain let us see second ball went for a
Four
added to the total score of
Rans very good ball beaten on the leg let's wait
for the umpire call it leg
By Good Line End
Length six runs for the loss of no wickets
Mukund ji, what do you want to say, how was it?
Your entire journey in this tournament Lord
Brocas Premier League
2025 I am happy to express my views
Thanks to Mr Sunny Pankaj ji even I was
Being One But Still Yum Thank Full To
Him so the entire
If the organization
And management has become really
Wonderful so I oh big thanks to Antayus
Labour Team from All the Players Not Playing
So Mukan ji, is the next match yours?
What is strategy, what is passion, what is enthusiasm
hai junoon to u lovez c n we are on the
Field planning I go be put big total on the
Sco board and try and defend the n the
Opposite Team by Baling Good Line
length yntj on now let's see how the yp
Behave and Angli can work it so late no
Appeal coming in umpire
No out finger go up first
Wicket for Unila Strikers
So wicket coming in first round of
Inning na fave after one
Vavar Nanan Ras for the Loss of One
give wickets
Nasing target of 68 runs just now lost a
Wicket to Light Strikers
Mother a good player been playing with us for
Last Four Years
Now so the new batsman is Mr.
Ankur Non
striker the batsman who is facing n
No strike
Message not a message
Sides Morain
Strikes that have been misfeed and can be seen repeatedly
Happening from You No Many
Players
Umpire signalling by one additional score
Adding to the Score of
Neither blue sea all around nor two red seas in the middle
Players are playing while taking strike
First Time Mr.
Anku good fielding there and good
Throw but again a misfeed is visible there
Hua keeper and
Bowler can take off in the middle of the crease
misfeed
Number of players in the Happening Circle
Nice try to stop the juice
next for
The ball was a wicket to wicket ball, I picked it up
On the on side, he wanted to play at mid-wicket.
but failed
The line and length is very good.
So far what I have maintained is very
Good bowling line and
Length Let Us See What's Coming Up Now
From
Sidesh Beautiful
stroke deep extra cover for four it is
Absolutely a wonderful stroke coming from
Mr. Sidesight Bat Needed for Them Give It a Wench
Need to Strike in the Power
Play to keep the run rate the asking run rate ch
I am going
You have just gone for four, still the heart wants more
Siddhesh and Ankur Jain
Full toss ball, easy ball, Dil Maange again
Peacock and a bandi going out of line
BSNL Four Four
The run umpire's signal was also coming slowly.
He should also say how many times should I move my hand?
You all have eaten, I still have some left.
Come on, can this be it?
Hat-trick four
Mahesh Once Again Mr.
Direction: Make some changes in fielding or
Kedarnath will be seen
A little push from the corner or there on the on side
has done mid wicket
But it could be here
You can expect a short ball which
The way feed decoration is being done on the
Expect short balls and bouncers
going after wicket
Now let's get a hat-trick for more
wicket s plan yes de
Very but unlucky the ball does not reach the
fielder so two runs added to the score so score
Reach to 19 runs so lust of one wicket after
Sorry it's 21 now 21 after completion of two
rs so mitesh what's your prediction for
This game is for the two strikers.
Defend total of 67 and neither of them have to
Complete target after cup turns so what you
think match ch they go so currently we a watching
The Run Requa Almost Same and My Support
Will be to the Red Army the Danger Army
Let's see if strikers can hit me
Strikes Air Travel Aeroplane What
will also bat
airplane so 21 fur one two overs it looks like
Hey friends Mukund ji, there will be no match next year
Will play in the commentary box only
Sunny will come, he needs to invite her.
Me and Pankaj ji
It was also a slow ball, played with a light hand.
is there
Pay third over second ball is in progress
Mr. Arvind Right Aim Round The
Wicket, very slow ball, fielder there
Present straight into his hand ball follow through
I keep doing it until I get one run.
The strategy is still good, the slow ball
Put it at mid-wicket and offer it to the batsman.
Run as they are quite happy with the kind of
fielding that they
Have incorporated for the batsman mir
Sidesh A Mr. Ankur Ankur Hai
Been Yano Thinking of Yano Playing Along With
Mr. Sidesh Giving Strike Mr. Sidesh
slow again
Gen let's dot gen dot gen need
Have you been really wise, I'll understand
The Captain
Responsibility is our go-to once again.
Full toss ball, fielder is present there and
A simple catch falls into his hands
Ankur could not contribute much in the score.
Get your team a score of seconds
Wicket for ya strikers so na
New on 23 runs for the loss of two wickets
So third was so promising for your light.
Striker Match Shaping Relief
Well 23 for loss of wickets
Fifth note of musical scale
B New Batsman
R
Rahul lets see what the contribution he goes
Be Making to His
Team Face Mr. Arvind Come Up Huge
Response: SIBIL from both sides Arvind S
Well Mr. Rahul
Short pitch ball is a ball in the air and feeder
There's a very good strategy out there.
He offered to pick up the batsman and hit him.
A straight ball into the hands of the fielder
Rahul ji, I showed you some magic of DDLJ.
Couldn't find it there
But
So the third wicket, the fall of the third wicket here
would have been
Hui Yun
Light last ball of this third over so Arvind
Sab Bean bowling really well so hat-trick
Now let's knock on the trick, thank you sir
And the batsman in front is taking the head
Wow knock on the head
Who wins, head or
Dastak So New Batsman
[music]
Let go
After scrums lunch so Mitesh is back but
Still I Can See Chocolate Ice Cream
yes please sir please continue to have
So here Mr. Arvind, don't trick us.
C Full toss ball Yes ball
Give or take
Wat Drop Catch It Drop
Catch catch missed the dream, mister
Arvind Bane Wonderful But Last Catch Vajan
Supported by
your colleague
friend unfortunately
A Fantastic Commentary Once Strong
Claps for Mukund ji's fantastic commentary
Come on make some noise everybody Jordaar Talia
May it happen to Mukund ji
This event is being held on cricket.
Live stream Mukund ji brought for you
cold ice cream
Thank you sir, thank you
So fantastic adding some masala adding some fun
Muk ji is late in the comment box
Continuous Scenic Play Full Toss Ball Play
D Paw Jin Coming Back Sidhesh More Ya Dil
Mange More
One more couple of runs taken chasing the target of
68 Agele Now Currenty They Are
3.17 to get 41 runs from 23 runs at a run rate of 10 runs
Avery
single run over
taken good bowling
Will the blue sea become too heavy to attack?
Red Danger Batsman Mukund
G I thank Siddhesh place till six over
ital make
Lightly on the difference off side there
But I have covered it for one run.
One boundary each for
O will make a difference otherwise run rate to go
Up a Pressure
B 21 balls 39
Run
or delicate touch
For Single
Run Chalo 20 balls 38 runs to
No let's see what the magic but br
Oh again misfeed there by the keeper so
Ask for two, but they settle it for
One Simon Go
Go Back Simon
Back Mahesh
L The Slough
bowlers are doing some magic
Are they asking the batters to hit the ball?
In the air so that a good pay of hands can
Catch
T Let's See What's Going to Be the Next Ball
See me to draw ball and be happy to give
Single
So idea is very clear am go give you loose
Ball to clear the boundary
Can
Challenge is still not accepted as on
But let in coming so they have to strike to
Meet the Run
Rate for 33 runs for loss of three wickets
Last we've seen last u last mr
Arvinus missed his hat-trick
Wicket Back Once
Again one or four runs for two wickets
bowling what a
Bowling Again from the Same
I ask you to hit clear the
boundary
So this time the fielder was little inside the
Boundary and the strike was powerful here
could catch the ball and
Could collect the ball since it went for
Boundary Deep Square Lake
Absolute fantastic shot so beautiful so
Elegant so energetic just looking like a
Wow and an angel heading towards now get
The Victory of 68 Runs 4.1 37 p. on three y
Score a diesel 31 runs now need two more
The Pa 31 runs 17
Balls Siddhesh More Highest Score 21 runs
14 balls, 3 fours, strike rate of 150
Good
Big full toss
Gagging Tit Shot Sish
More striking, well hitting
Well 4 P2
413 score of a
Delaru Gate Farm Balls
So according to you Mukund ji you are the r
Team E Very Good Content Prudent Warriors
Which team is the toughest team for you?
This time I have taken it for six runs.
straight out of the
Country, excellent shot, my house got ruined.
The mixer in my house is broken
The batsman hit it superbly
Sixer Baat
what's the matter what's the matter what's the matter
The mixture has gone bad and the chutney is not forming.
Another chutney is being made here
As I told you till the time side is on
Strike Anything Can Happen Arvind Next
Ball Four
Six in the Air Yes
Finally the wicket needed for Unila
Strikers
Saj Been Taken in the Deep Mid
Bucket with good per of hands it was needed
For them Sidesh a very good total added to
His
Team Big Round of Apple Fur
Sidesh 31 runs of 17
Balls and with a four-foot end
Six Mother Was Little
Upset after Arvind went for boundary end
Six and then the magical wicket I was needed
for them
Outgoing batsman and incoming batsman
batsman
leaf
Praneet so incoming and outgoing letus
See What the Magic to Bring Mr. Sidesh Vas
wonderful
Yes, it seemed like a full toss ball
I will fire in the air but only theirs
Fire Ho
Gaya Arvind who bowls is
to the batsman
provoke such
Maro again dot ball coming in in the fifth over of
The
Innings 1 overs 21 runs not won this quarter
Final
I would like to say this to the Prudent Warriors team.
I want to be here in the commentary box
comes with me he performs some double
is the match
In it's the energy to the entire team and
My
Captain Brings to the Entire Team is Really
Magical Mister
Ashish
Kedar The Opening
Baller Has Been Brought
Back to Bal Important Over of the Innings
Sixth over is in
Progress No. 100 requires 21 runs of 12
Balls Mr Praneeth is on strike sorry r
Ranjit Gonna Be a White
Ball so now the ask is 12 balls 20 runs
Anything Can Happen, Chasing Is Possible
They Can Do
It is a superb strike fielder.
Yes Catch Well Taken By Mr.
You must have heard the name Rahul on both hands.
They opened I am here I am
No
pride and
Himanshu is the best person I would say since
Yesterday Yesterday Night
Sorry I K
Welcome 11 Balls 20 Runs
and the new batsman
D'Souza
Golvin D'Souza
Beating the length on the offside
I applied both my feet there like Fevicol.
He wanted to strike with a joint but
failed there
But this is a fickle joint, it will move
No
Kedar Next
ball
Too many runs running behind wickets
been good to run to the
Total 50 runs completed
18 to Get Nine
Balls umpire's signal
White a good
Dance very good
Dance Umpiring Has Been Really Beautiful Too
Watch Ha
go one to the
Total we will wait for one more white ball TC
More dance coming in from the beautiful hum
umpire
Prashant Next Ball
Keda Wow R Wish H Completed Super
Wonderful Thank You
Umpire Adding Something Special
Something Mukund ji thank you very much
Much absolutely good shot up about the w so high
like dumb in the sky
Rat Coming Right Time Right Place Right
moment and this is what a dazzler i called
For this very cruel ball, now it will be decided
Who will win?
What a loose game you have played, send it out of the boundary
has given
Awesome
Chauka Dazzler suddenly awakened within them
The lion has woken up
Sic O Gun
635 Match has changed the look of the game
Changing moment run really make but not
Just for Requa
Over Galvin's bun really exceptional wat
Strike Coming in from this wonderful
I am sure of my promise
Mistake on vows
Striking a Suck and Wonderful
Bound now fi needed of six
Balls to respond to ball ball the last over
and asking rate below
Six can defend this total of runs
Required
Mitesh ji until Praneet Parab
If it is possible then something will happen if his wicket falls.
could be at risk
Let's See Now is coming
Up last over five runs
The best This Is What Something Special mix
will do something different
Will have done to the keeper
Change, this is a different style
Now the first ball and the third run have come on Rahul bowling.
Very
Tough situation has made the match exciting
Has increased the excitement in the crowd
Double excitement has been given in the commentary
has been extended
Turn around and hit some different shots
Umpire attempts to single bye but umpire
Showing a
HiFi So with the Byron the score 64 5 6.2
no four required from four one four more
match over
Offers best bowling alley here
Rahul has ruined it all.
The team in front is amazing now.
Behal three ball four
runs and here's the best for six runs
Sixer Isi with Red Army Tez Rami
Enter into the semi-finals and win the finish of
What style can Mukund ji Red Army have?
Danger Army See The Celebration Has Been
Exceptional Prana Sa Bean
Exceptional players who won six to four matches
has been completely changed to where
The Pokemon Striker looked very good at one point.
He was looking dominant but Praneeth completely
has made a complete change, so for Praneet
A poem is made, a couplet becomes a poem
The goal is like a mountain, the secret of their skill
His skill had a goal like a mountain
The secret is that they know how to face it because this
He is a great batsman, wow wow wow
Wow wow wow and a great commentator too
Hey thank you very much Mukund ji for your support
Y
L Management Makes Me More Energetic
[Laughter]
In the game of life is protected with
IIC Lord Health Insurance
so next match eb
[music]
Between stay protected with IIC Lord
Health Insurance Power Resto
They are commenting on the late player
melted ice cream
Isn't it melting?
I think Mukund ji, this is yours.
The ice cream has melted, the opposing team
So your feed keeper must have melted away.
Keeping Quality
Dut Puck
Fifth note of musical scale
But
good to
So coming up the next match Pink Panthers
Versus Pruden
Warriors so prude Warriors one the toss
elected to strike
First Coming Up Next
In the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
[music]
F
Su NG
Come in the game of life stay protected with
AAA Lumbard Health Insurance Power Resto
[music]
This is silence before a storm now let's
C Wt Mangesh Jagtap Can Do Something Special
Two on after one over
two ts very good bowling Hemant now in to the
Attack to Fight Big Pressure Something Special
Something special on Ek Da Ek Do
two quarterfinals
Your time will come
Aayega 1.12 Fatu Na The Score of Dent
Warriors, your time will definitely come.
This four runs came from a brilliant shot outside the boundary.
Here goes four
So with the boundary now prudent warriors
6 Your time will come
This is four runs
Aaya Ek De Do 6 runs 2 wickets loss per
Warriors
Digital Score Card Get Updated Going On
Restart Digital
Score Very Good
Bowling
upt g char score 136 p warriors
He will take some time to settle down.
Understand he will study he will
I will read and write later
And this big wicket is what we are looking for.
Pink Panth Diwali celebrations are full of enthusiasm and
Passion Pe Big Wicket Paani Tus
Third wicket fruit
Atlee Fantastic Performance Pink Panthers
Pink Army has done wonders, Mangesh
Jagtap Wat Bak To
Palan Lucking To
Play over thed man a shut third man makes no
Mistake and this big
Wicket: Catch taken by Amit Mangesh Jagtap
Am Bal Hem Five Balls with One Boundary 1.46
Pay
Three, this is excitement, this is passion. Quarter
final is
On so to team already enter the fire
Semi-Finals MI BL&N Dazzlers Now
waiting
For into four teams who will qualify for the
Next to Teams into the
Semi-final ts in to the block hole this e
Very quality good bowling from Hemant
Ambekar team who will qualify completely
The opposing team has done the same.
Confidence
built up
Only four runs, one wicket in the last over.
will ball
Hemant and one wicket
Excellent catch by Hemant with jersey number seven.
Thala for
Reason he did the magic he did the
Tragic, who has four for seven after two overs?
Who will win and who will lose
one wicket down
and a wicket
It's a gucking
Head and Shut
I was trying to mix the ball
4.1 at 26
picked up four this time
The cameraman is caught for six runs.
The blow has been sent straight through, this time
out of the country
Shri 4 32 P Char Chetan
I have taken their steps and grabbed them.
Ball stuck in hands
Evolution has caught up
Catch very good catch running catch at kaw cone
Region Burst
Fall So Some Quality Run Added By Chetan
Kadam Bals One
Maximum
4.3 32 runs for the loss of five runs
So the new better coming at number seven nickj
Pate Now the Left
Hand Krishnaji Singh got one hit for six
Batting 10 off six with one maximum
Standing in non-striker end
Paate two fielders one at deep backward sway
Leg one at deep mid wicket to short third man
Short Fine
Leg point fielder short cover long off long
On Properly Face Fielder
But height matters a lot just over the fielder.
Cracking Boundaries by Nikunj Upadhyay
Suddenly the crowd and the dugout from bun
Warriors Absolute Fantastic The Purple Army
is doing something
Magic 4.4 36 P Five Print Waris Ka
score and it
Wide signal: Umpire scores extra runs
hike 37 passes today
4.4 What Prudent Warriors did in this match
Less
Back current Nared now eight runs
I want to pull the shot off pitch length.
The were totally beaten
So it's got run
out wicket number six
Down 4 4.5
376 came to the commentary box, Mr.
Mukund ji is now out to bat.
Kulkarni welcome
This is excellent running, two runs, what a great thing.
It ran so fast that even the Vande Bharat Express
Fail
Five overs over, 39ers coming up
More than two overs of the first innings, Mukund
Kulkarni and Krishnaji
Singh Discus
We will discuss, we have to play in the gap and
We have to sabotage, we have to create a ruckus and win.
run to the side
The five over game is over with 39 runs remaining.
Prudent Warriors Pink Panthers Best
Fight, good battle, Hemant Ambekar, one over, four
Runs 2 wickets Aju Ekada Bowling Marg
per wat stop wat stop rake hit rect will
be also gun and ls very good tho what a
Quick
Reflection and Mukund's return very soon
Kulkarni ji
What a thrill
Absolute Electrifying and Athletic Work
Ba the fielder de at
Mukund Kulkarni ji's life is over here.
But Moy
Moet Wicket Number Seven
Down what a good work by Prateek Fielder
Lung
Off 5.1 4F
from 5 the one 40 on seven Dilip Singh and new
batsman
Siddharth correction Siddharth is now new
first ball
But he did not come hard and shot fearlessly.
Four Pahlaj ball Nanit Khand Khat Puneri Misr
Ay Khand Khan Ane Shot Marla Dan Dan Chowk
Appa Pad Do 44 F Se Prudent Warriors
very good catch taken de lang
N Pratik the catcher and the wicket number eight
Prudent Warriors on the wicket
5.3 45 Prudent
Warriors Dt Support
Teacher Final Something Special Teams Have Done
Something Special Sunday Special
Shailesh Gurav is the new batsman.
And what a dream is left here
broken couple of rans taken 47 f 8
5.4 Na Prudent
Now Coming Up Last at Balls of the First
Innings to was good fine throw
But Couple of Runs
Taken so score moon to 49 at least have some
Total on the
Board 5.5
4948 Quality batting from Chetan Kadam
Krishnaji added something lable to the
Team Tus quick one from Hemant Swing Miss
End of the over number six 498 coming up
Last of Ferning
After sixes 49 for 8 the score of
Prudent Warriors Now Coming Up The Final
over of the
First Innings
You are watching ICICI Lord Brokers
Premier League Day Two Season Two Quarters
Finals third match is
on its taken end
Gone first ball of the seventh over full toss ball
Looking to Play for the Big One and Catch Taken
Bye
Parshuram 6 D A K 49 F 9 Now The Final Wicket
Short page ball pulled by Swae
Disha brings up another 50 for Prudent Warriors
Come on dug out, strong Talia 50 runs
The whole great Come Back Prudent Warriors now
Decent score, now you have to do it strongly
Magical bowling is the key to winning the match in this match.
And go to the semis, both team efforts
This time we will swing and
Miss 6.3 50 Parn Dun Warriors
Good bowling there Vikas
Shukla four runs, only one run and one
Wicket: Only a single run in this over
Considered 6.4 50 per
Couple of Rans Taken Late 52 Fana Last Ball
Coming up in the first innings is a big one.
Hit and was running for 30 runs here
Connor Fielder tried but was caught by
Luck slipped from the ball and it took two more runs.
receiving
There's Seven O' 54 for 10 and the Target Pink
Panthers to Chase
55 So Will
Award Time to Celebrate Quarter Finals
One Man of the Match
Harshad further said
Ansar in the Game of Life Stay Protected
V ICICI Lord Health Insurance
Jump Food Rice
[music]
A In The Game Of Life Stay Protected I.E
Land Health
I Praneet
Parab Six Ball 16 Runs O End S End Batting
Male heavy bowling double heavy two overs 13 runs
Three wickets loud ta sound ja
Thank you very much thank you
In the game of life stay protected with aaaaa
Lord Health Insurance
Jump Food
Rais Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power Ltd
[music]
Starting on the non-strike end bowling
Discretion
Pawar 55 is the target to win the first two overs
Power
plays a very good fielding just clear the
Infield
The cover fielder has done the job
Running and Couple of Runs Taken First
Ball Starting with Account
Open Pink Panthers vs 2F No Loss One Ball
Bold
Lucky the Batsman
Der to bus bal th fur no lose pink path
T Cracking
shot fielder just watching ball sailing
Ro Attlee
Fantastic, just kept watching and this was four runs.
with copy
Kadam three balls sen run no wicket
Umpire signalling no
The next ball will be a free hit
Three balls bowled at for no loss free hit
Delivery Now Per
Kadam Chance Golden
Chance tries to hit a big shot over cover.
Bar edge and a color
No wickets for nine with Pink Fantas
The target score is 55
55 runs scored so far, 46 to
Get In Coming 38
Balls to clear the infield very well played
Pup Covered Fur
Four Fantastic
Jabardast Absolute Fantastic for Trimendous
Boundy
Good start Pink Panthers 13 runs off 5 balls
cracking
Start change in the fielding the fielder deep
Cover Short Extra Cover Feed Late
Ot was chance quick reflection in the follow
through to take the catch very tough reflect in
Just one second so one run and of o one gun 14
F No Lass Pink Panthers Six overs left to play
41 Runs to Get
So after one was 14 fur no los pink panthers
Looking to
Play straight through the field to fine leg wicket
From the Bat single
15 off 10 balls, no wickets, 40 runs
Now we need the next 35 balls.
Hit short pitch balls and excellent pull shots
Fine Lake seamer outside off for four.
took two wickets for 19 runs
Pink Panthers
1.21 F No Wicket Pink Panthers 36 Now Coming
5.4 Looking for One More Shot is Very Good
Bowling Into the Block Hole
1.3 Pink Panthers 19/0
Score's Well Left by the Better Went
outside the leg stem for
Wide 1.3 no wicket on 20 for 35
Need
There are 33 balls to come
Go ahead and misfield for the second run.
will be taken has run for two runs
and come back at the right time
1.4 22 f no wicket pink
Pars now need some air travel ch run
Hey bowling here Ashish
Mishra Now Coming
Up the last ball of the second
Over 33 Now to Get From 31
Sucking to be well connected, going distance, going group
Six
Lal
R Absolute
Fantastic Sling Dug Out The
Spectre Pink no wicket on 28 overs
The Panthers have sounded the whistle in Mumbai City and
Each step blew the whistle of the person in front
2.28 for no loss, Chetan Kadam into bowling
Attack From Bud Warriors
very good
Shot's the favorite of
Typical tennis and heart
Scoop l scoop we can also call supla shot
backward for four
Region excellent scoop shot played by
Rested wicket at 2.2 for 32
Clever
Well done
Dilra best catches fun matches here
Some will make changes Some will make changes
Warriors get their first success off the pink
Panthers
Now getting the first success on two days 32
Ramesh is the new batsman on strike
But 23 now to get from 27 balls
Two runs completed here.
Is
2.4 34 Fav 21 To Get Coming 26 Balls
Left couple of wickets can make more drought
Now what a good cut shot in l come back fur to duck
tho chance Mukund
G 2.5 36 off 19 runs needed to win this match
Will do it in the semi-finals to win
Entry into the gap fielder there at point f
Single
Run so end of the over number three 37 for one
And 18 to get now coming 24 balls 18 runs
24 balls
Now Mangesh Jagtap did not do magic with bat now
He Can Do Something Magical With
Ball to will just single run looking for couple
But
Good fielding
Coming just 10-20 yards from the boundary
Line Only Single
Run's [ __ ] Away Will Get It Couple Of
Russ Now 15 to Get Coming
3.4 ts 22 balls 15
run by ball 15
A pink puss at run 3.24
Great score there
Effort excellent effort if this catch is taken
Catching something here changes the complexion of the match.
Could have been like the pink path of destiny
Four runs to his name
Excellent effort given at
Point to Get Now 3.3
Left to hit some reverse shots
Attempt . Two 11 runs still give you this match
If you want to keep the game then take wickets
will be 3.5 441
I'll go all the way for eight.
region is the best
Batting
T four runs to the end of the over Pink Panther
Heading Towards Victory, four overs left
48 one, three overs left and seven runs to go
have to score runs
One Bounce and Four
So just three runs are not required
[music]
Walking single at long of so just to run
Now for the
Victory: Two runs needed to win this match
Pink Panthers for
Looking For
Reverse shot
4.3 53
Fave Swing
Mish 4.4 off 53 for a couple of runs
What big hits are needed?
Will finish the match with sixes and fours
will give
Great shot, we were talking about a six or
He has finished the match with a four.
Finishes with four runs, does it very well
Plaid Ekt Performance Pink Panthers
Very well played and special batting performance
Make some note of the copy
Step 3 F F & S batted vs 194 strike
Red La Bhaari Batting Performance
So coming up the fourth match fourth quarter
In the game of life, stay protected with
IIC Lord Health Insurance
junk food
R
NG in the game of life stay protected
Lord Health Insurance Power
[music]
o make some noise
Heavy batting
Performance became the king every step
Player Juggler
So the first semi-finalist Mi BL will
Play in the game of life, stay protected
With ICICI Lombard Health Insurance
Jump Food Color Choice
Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICC Lumbard Health Insurance Power
Risto
[music]
In the game of life, stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance
Junk Food
Rais Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
[music]
John Howden vs. Lakkan and the first wicket
Fall of Howden
One So The Quarter Final
f in
Progress so initially the center but one toss
Lect to Ball
First and they all have to bat first
So after this we have the correction we the new
Announcement Now Semi-Final Will Be First
The semi-finals will be between an array of dazzlers.
Versus Pink Panthers So Pink Panthers Will
Play with an Dazzlers the First
Semi-Finals and ME BL is waiting for this
Match who will win will join MI BL in the
seconds
Semi-final is a cracking one
Shot Very Good Stop Excellent
They have parked a new bus at the stop.
Stop four balls later, one on three, Howard takes a
cracking shot
Once again same fielder same story repeat
Story: Five Pa Chhachh behind a ball
Players to cover the
Ball five balls five runs one wicket score off
Howden This Colour of Jersey Reminds Me 2000
Era New Zealand Cricket Team Having This
Jersey and now they're having Black Caps
Black
Jersey in the Era of Chris Caines Have the Jersey
Of Dark Green Colour Now With The Black Caps
A Black Color
Jersey Shore Single to End of the O One Gun Show
Howden
Kunal comes on to bowl.
Tanna Rama
Krishnan takes a cracking shot that will go for
For the fielder will not reach the ball, win the race
Deep Squale For
[music]
Howden is out for the loss of one wicket on four.
Ramakrishnan scores his first boundary
Sixes came off the bat in the first over.
Run and the first ball of this over is wide and now
Four
It's gun catch it catch it it was chance it was
Chance Million Dollar Catch Ya Lost
Very good shot maximum hit into the crowd
Tus
Banging crowd gets some heart and fat
Box Tus Into The Block Hole Good Come Back
From Kunal
Tanna Ek Dati 1 F One T Kakar Tstan From
Ramakrishnan
Very good come back this is from Kunal
Tanna back to back in the block hole couple of
dot
Balls not putting pressure on the racking batter
Ramakrishnan Good with Bad Good with
Ball Ramakrishna
This time, just the bat was in the air
and ts
Gun Good
Keeping excellent and stumping lightning like
MS Dhoni
1.51 for
Two 17 and Howden is done but danger is another
body of the wicket
He has made a good comeback after hitting a six.
dot
Dot out and then again dot, two overs play
Finish 17 on two How Done
So New Better Vishal
Jadav cracking sh f tried but just o him
One Boss in Fence D S
Pho Cracking
Boundary Vishal Jadhav
Absolute Fantastic Very Few to See Left
Hand playing something seen yesterday Rohit
Nimbluck Butted
Well once again na baller into the
Pressure this time lust so rhythm vent out
Side Lam End Umpire Mr. Om Singh
signaling white ball two the one 2 on two of
Score this time sto release this is something
Special from Anand Upadhyay
now he could come back
This time he has played a strong game directly on the monkey.
Tuck and these four runs, he has no chance.
The ball went into the gap while both tried to catch it.
fielder's
four runs between
Vishal Jadhav for his tremendous contribution
Two wickets, three wickets, 2 runs and two wickets after
how done
Score so good fielding quick reflection
Good throw from long on
Fielder 2.4 27 for two How Done
Score four fielders must remain inside the
Circle in non-power
Play this time lightly isko khel diya hai
in the direction of the swell and the keeper ran there
2.5 by 28 feet
Howden will bowl the last ball of this over.
Upadhyay 11 runs in this over
Last Ball in
Trying is a chance
Donated life here
But just close, just shot and single run to
end of the
Two for 29 after three overs, how done?
Very Good Effort Excellent
Effort by effort expended when very
Well try to make some noise
Force Fo
Rans at Lang of Region 3 Pw 34 ft Vishal Jadhav
Striking Well Butting Well
This time a good ball into the block hole and
I have played and want to go for another one
But the throw is better only single
Run . Two Howardens for two 35s
36 Fatu After 3
Pathan Prasanna with the ball took one wicket for 13 runs
Conceded second over bowling
The Feed Vary
Well Excellent
Stop important boundary no catch difficult u
Chase Kick Take Catch Excellent Stop At
midwicket
region very good to could be the excellent catch of
The Tournament Could Be
Tekken 34
It's outside the Lexterm line wide l signal
Wire 38 feet
3.4 Back to Back Whites
talk talk quickly
from today itself
Correct 3.4 442 How
Done so back to back four wides
Dow 3.4 41 Fatu How
Done 3.4 412
It's good come back now from
Prasanna 3.5 4242 Last Ball Coming Up Off
The Fourth Over So Very Good
Start by Howden This Partnership is Now
24 12 balls for third
wicket Vishal Jadhav
Ts Fantastic Ts Gun for Maximum Bug
Excellent shot to remind me that was shot
Excellent shot like Matthew D Adam
Gilak Four Ows Gun 48 Fatoo Fantastic Hit
How done for was 4 fat
Once again, this gun for six 50 how
Done what shot Vishal
Jadhav 28 off 10
Si we are just waiting for sus cracking
Tux and Vishal Ja Delivers Stand End
Lever butts again to the mid-wicket region for a six.
Huge
Yadav 28 off 10 balls with a strike rate of 280
Rate This Time Just Ball Pass Close Stum Lucky
The Batsman
Late 4.3 55 ft
When once again it's one of the biggest
Six Backing N The Roof Fantastic
Six Absolute Fantastic Electrifying
what a batting what a player Vishal Jadhav at
Best Vishal has killed Vishal
Six, his name itself is enough, 34 runs, 12 balls
three fours and three
Six 283 strike
Red looking very strong how done now
Dangerous Vishal Jadhav
34 off 12 balls 34
36 Once Again He Got Distances Once Again
Backing Roof Chhapra Tod Chha Run Ke
So what is going on watching live matches and
it's video game e
On Absolute Batsman On Fire
fantastic this something special this e
Something Different Vishal Jadhav Char
Six 40 off 1 ball 34
46 307 strike raid
This time it has been played as extra cover
We will rotate the strike with two runs in
And 21 runs came from this over, proving to be very expensive.
Here the five overs of play ended 69 f how
Done absolutely what a cracker the six in the
previous over
It's a good shot, the flat six.
Now Aniket also join the party with
Vishal Visha Aniket said when Vishal was breaking
If so, why am I sitting idle?
I will also break
Tumor
Two for 5.75 something different here
Fireworks Rocket Six Both The Batsman
Very Well Plaid
Wide
Ball Pressure On Now
Lawton very close the half century na huge
Jadhav standing non strike 14 b f end
Four Maximums
hits back to back
Whites are trying to do something different but
Going outside and wide ball once
Again 5.2 at 77
Two Oats misfields that will go for
For luck, this is Howard's
Name: Excellent performance by a player
A batting so current partnership is now 64 of
Deliveries between this pair for third
The fielder has played on the wicket and the gap once
Running but the ball won the race
They defeated the opposing team and
Best performance how
Done 85 ft. This will be the first team to reach
Three Figures on the Board Lets
C 5.3 85 Fat how did what a batting
Aniket and Vishal gave a wonderful performance.
The opposing team has created a stir
made miserable
It feels completely devastated
smash hit batting
performance this time what a good stop
Result: Four runs
Great batting for
Performance by Ankit Aniket and Vishal
And I have played it once, I played it in the gap
Great stop there
But effort went into what was going on for
four absolutely fantastic this is something
Special Something Once Again Gun For Four This Heart
demands
Peacock 5.5 at 93
Two A 26 o 10 Bal C A Vishal Jadhav 4 14 o
And for six both the batson they butting
Strike rate 260 off Aniket and Vishal off
300 strikes
Rate switch try to make some difference here
Take
Strike so very good pung performance a
Vishal Jadhav and Aniket will be seen again
of Rakhad
25 runs came from that over. 6 overs 94
Fatu quarter-final fourth-round performance
Just Six Runs Now for the Three Figures on
The Board One Over Left of the First Innings
944 on the board after six and done
Couple of Runs Taken
6.1 96 Part Just for Rus Now for Huff the Team
Total very good last two overs
25 and 21 in 46
Runts Cooker Bi
what a fantastic this is something special this
I something
Magic excellent batting
Performance absolute this is what a good
Shot Aniket and
Vishal is today's brave batsman
This time only single
Runs 100 up already three figures on the
Two 6 on the board How Done 103
Dati
Wesseling City in Mumbai
The whistle of the city cooker has stopped working
Absolutely Watt Whistle Big Cooker Whistle 6.3
103 p two last three
Balls 42
14 Coming Back For
To End He Got Couple Off
Ranjit 44 off 15 balls 3 for 46 hit for his half
Century 6.4 10542 on the
Board Partnership 88 of 29 and You Believe It
Last four overs 88
Runs on into the
Board 29 Balls 88 Partnership
Yes Tus 50 Up Heat Six Very Well Plaid
Excellent batting performance, strong warning
explosive smoke
Whatever is visible in the market, sell the same.
Sell ​​only what you see in the market
If you want to play cricket, learn from Vishal Jadhav.
50 for six runs 16 balls three fours and four
Si this time from the top of the feeder to the top of the boundary line
This is six runs, four runs.
for the last checking, reverse registration and will
Final Lettuce
See So Umpire See
Photo Si
Highest score: 117 runs in two overs
Talia Ho Jaye Vishal Jadhav and Aniket
Khedkar
Absolute Fantastic and the Partnership
also
100 100 of 31 balls make some nose was
Again Something Electrifying
In the game of life stay protected with
IIC Lumbard Health Insurance
Jump Food
Rais Energy
Come in the game of life stay protected with
ICICI Lord Health Insurance Power
[music]
A very huge target because the target given
Vishal has
Time, good bowling, good start from
Ramakrishnan two balls bowled Nunn for Nunn Lock
The target of ton to chase 118 is Nitin Verma
Mangesh is on strike and And is on non-strike
all-rounder
Ramakrishnan What a good start not along the
Batsman to go for big
Hit this is something special and quality
Bowling from Howden
Three balls bowled nun for
nun
But looking to play outside a good
Stop shot than Lee single run into the account
of lucknow
Pho Balls Bold One Fun
Loss at required run rate of 18 runs
Over
[music]
Run Into the Gap and Couple of Run Taken
What are you going for?
Three so good start from how done f b bo
No
Plus the Outside
As so one runs to the end of the
over one vaj gun fo fno loss lock ton six
overs left one one four rns to get
Required run rate 19 runs per over
After one was phone ls
Lucknow was clean bowled into the block hole of
Tom Base
Gun 1 Paw
Fav A
neither good with the bat nor with the ball he batted
36 14 f f at si now with the ball he
Strikes First
An all-round performance on the ball at one stroke
From Aniket Kerkar
ts in to the block hole this is very good
start not along the batsman to hit for
Big In To The Block
Hole first over bent for four runs and now
Aniket
Kerkar maintaining the same line length
Ramakrishnan
Bowled 1.26 runs for the loss of one wicket
Lock
Done o that catch has been dropped
1.37 F One
Lakan Sco Inside Edge Feed Fine Lay Shut Faale
Fielder's only single
What first innings and head absolute
Electrifying Batting
performance
From Vishal Jadhav 56 of 17 34 and 5
He Batted With Stuck
Tuna Very Good
bowling they have made this cricket box
Cricket 1.58 Lock
Ton what a start quality bowling from
Howden Once Again The Box Cricket Continues
Two's Gun T for One Lock Ton
Very good bowling from
Howden so far this innings
one of
Not a single four, that's a good start.
batsman
Riche Inside Cries
Comfortable couple of juice taken on the two 11
A 107 run to get from 4.4 required
Re E 23 runs per over
Just Single at Lung
of two
Dattatreya made 12 off 106 balls
2.5 Fav Luck Now This is very good
Bowling all the bowling unit of
Howden Making Lawton Box
Cricket 105 for 13 with three overs to go
Runs coming in four overs at 26 runs per over
And simply catch the wicket keeper second wicket
For Lucknow
3 point 2 144 feet
Now Lock ton 104 runs and coming 20 balls 22
Balls are scoring 28 runs per over
3.3 14 Fat New Better Now Dinesh
gurav swing
Inmus Vishal Jadhav now with the ball excellent
He scored 50 runs
The 50 56 runs 17 balls 3 fours and sixes now
with ball
Just consider two runs and one wicket Vishal
Jadhav last ball of this
over outside the of tum leks tum
Line Wide
Ball N Dal
Two on Pa 16
T's Gun and Clean
Bold Silent
Celebration: Four overs over, 16 for three.
102 runs still needed in three overs
Possible 34 runs
Ch
Looking to play the shot towards midwicket
Good fielding and a couple of ruses
Take 100 runs needed in two balls
35 runs per over
over great stop what good work
Good fielding will not let the four go
I will do just 20 feet.
Board Header made Lucknow a test match
this match
making the seven-over game a Test match
Howden's
Dark Green Army all around Jabaaz
And
4.5 2 for three
Lucky swing miss good bowling
The performance Howden made of this match
and this is a wide ball
Gesture Height Overhead
24 good bowling performances
So finally the end of the over fug
26 Luckan Has Made This Match On BGT
Trophy for excellent bowling performance done wrong
Lucknow Na 92 overs Let's see now to run
Margin How Many Runs How Done Will
Remove VIN
And this will add some runes outside the Seamarg
four runs
Cut well for no fielder present
No, four runs in deep point, three on 5th.
Lock Ton
SJ very good performance from how done
Bowling Attack 36 3 5.4
So coming up the last over of the second now
It's taken caches sn matches now it already
How
Done the winner of this match they will play with me
BL in the semi-finals to come up the first
Semi-final after this match N Dazzle vs.
Pink Panthers Semi-Final One N Dazzlers
Versus Pink Panthers
Just two balls left of this match quarter
Final
Forth he took, not he went outside
Age Couple of Atom Take But Finally
Drop no worry now you already
Swing and miss it so it's the end of the
Match give one by 76
Rad Very Well Played Excellent Performance
how done
And we will call for the man of the match of this
Player of the Match
For no need to take his name because he already
No Vishal Jadhav 56 of 17 34 C
Shri Vishal Jadhav ji, please sit down Vishal
Mr Vishal Jadhav
vishal jadav anni sag
Players who were named Man of the Match Very Well Played
Cracking 39 Strike Raid 56 Runs 17 Balls
No fur and 6
This is six, he has become a magician by doing it.
The magic is given
Absolute Muqaddar Ki
Sikandar this match Vishal Yadav very well
played so coming up the semi-final one a l
Versus Pink Panthers
So how many overs will this match be? Eight overs
Ann Dazzle and Pink Panther The First
Semi-Final One IC Labad Brokers Premier
League 2025 Day Two